i read rice  s novel with interest  and became quite enchanted with its characters and heartbreaking tale based on historical truths .  br    br   however  i was simply appalled at this disastrous adaptation . the casting was based merely on physical appearance  and not acting talent  with the obvious exception of peter gallagher  who was neither blond  haired  or able to act his way out of a wet paper bag  . the cast  s embarrassingly clumsy and inconsistent attempts at affecting a french accent was hilarious  but not in an entertaining way . i found myself wincing through this muddled and melodramatic tripe  and was surprised i made it to the end .  br    br   a warning to fans of the novel  stay away from this one .  
john garfield plays a marine who is blinded by a grenade while fighting on guadalcanal and who has to learn to live with his disability . he has all the stereotypical notions about blindness  and is sure he  ll be a burden to everyone . the hospital staff and his fellow wounded marines can  t get through to him . neither can his girl back home played by eleanor parker . he  s stubborn and blinded by his own fears  self pity  and prejudices . it  s a complex role that garfield carries off memorably in a great performance that keeps one watching in spite of the ever present syrupy melodrama . the best scenes are on guadalcanal  where he  s in a machine gun nest trying to fend off the advancing japanese soldiers in a hellish looking night time battle  and later a dream sequence in the hospital where he sees himself walking down a train platform with a white cane  dark glasses  and holding out a tin cup  all the while his girlfriend walks backward away from the camera .  
well  one has to give the director credit for how gutsy he was . gutsy would be the right term . not only did he use a total cast of five people  no extras at all   but he also decided to use sub  par special effects with a confusing and boring plot  he also  and i am not kidding  put a warning at the beginning of the movie that you might die of fright    however  they do promise a freeeeee coooofffffffiiiiinnnnn . to have a creepy limping gardener is always a good move . yaaa  unique  aaawwwwnnn . . . .  br    br   if you watch mystery science theater      you might  ve seen this . they like to showcase horrible movies  just to let you know .  br    br   a good gift for someone you hate .  
spoilers on of the first wwii movies coming out of hollywood that shows how the war effected those gi  s  or in this case us marines  who fought in it .  br    br     year old al schmid  john garfield  was just starting to live with a well paying job  earning some    .   a week  at the local steel mill and girl ruth hartley  elenore parker  whom he was about to marry when the japs spoiled everything for him  and millions of likewise young americans  by attacking the us pacific fleet at pearl harbor . doing his duty as an american citizen al immediately joined the us marine corps hoping to get back at the japs knowing  correctly as it was to turn out  that the marines would be the first american combat units to get a crack at them .  br    br   al finally got his chance when his unit  the  st marine division  landed on august       at guadalcanal in the far flung solomon islands to engage the japanese who were were in control of it . it was during the battle of the ilu river that al almost single handed stopped a massive japanese banzai attack holding off  with his machine gun  wave after wave of suicide attacks by the determined japs until help  or reinforcements  finally arrived . it was during the bloody fighting al was hit in the face by a jap grenade that ended up blinding him .  br    br   now back in the states convalescing at a naval hospital al is faced with something far more harder to overcome then battling a battalion size attack of japanese or german soldiers . he  s faced with a future where he  ll never see again and having to depend on others to look after  or for  him   br    br   we get to see in the film  pride of the marines  al battle himself far harder then he did the japanese troops on guadalcanal in just coming to terms with his disability . not wanting anyone  especially his girlfriend ruth  to feel sorry for him al in fact is the one who feels sorry for himself more then anyone else in the movie . it  s with the help of navy nurse virginia pfeiffer  rosemary decamp  and ruth together with his us marine buddy lee diamond  dane clark  that in the end gives al the courage to face his blindness with the same strength that he faced wave after wave of japanese troops on gudalcanal . a courage al thought he lost back in that god  forsaken island hell in the south pacific .  br    br   based on the true story of us marine sergeant albert schmid  pride of the marines  showed what we were to expect from the tens of thousands of wounded us servicemen coming back from the war . we get to see how it in many ways was far more difficult for those fighting the war to adjust to a peacetime america when they left something  like in the case of al schmid  behind on the battlefield . al  s battle with his personal demons was a lot harder then the japanese that he fought in that they were part of him and thus had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them . despite the help that he got from both nurse virginia and his girlfriend ruth as well as his navy doctor  who has a striking resemblance to actor gregory peck  it still was up to al to overcome the fears that he faced . fears which he and only he had to both battle and overcome  like he was told by everyone in the movie  all by himself .  
  a newlywed couple move into the home of the husband  s dead former wife . it  s not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone doesn  t want her in the house . she sees skulls all around the house . but when the husband investigates  he can  t find anything . is someone trying to drive her back to the asylum that she was recently discharged from  or  is the ghost of the dead wife trying to get the new wife out of her house   br    br    this is the first time that i  ve watched the screaming skull without the assistance of the mst  k crew . and  it will in all likelihood be the last time i watch it this way . can you say dull  i  m not talking ordinary dull  i  m talking watching grass grow dull . there are great stretches of the movie where nothing happens . the screen could have gone blank and i would have gotten as much entertainment out of it . the characters drone on and on with the most monotonous conversations imaginable . the screaming skull could probably be marketed as a sleep aide .  br    br    the actors don  t help matters much . most of them deliver lines with the conviction normally reserved for a grade school play . i haven  t looked it up  but i would be shocked to find that anyone associated with this movie ever appeared in anything of cinematic value . i won  t even go into the script the actors are given to work with . let  s just say that the characters are given some of the most idiotic lines ever uttered on film .  br    br    you  ve been warned  either avoid this one at all costs or  at least  seek out the mst  k version .  
a very good wartime movie showing the effects of war on a hometown boy who looses his eyesight on guadalcanal and must come home and re  adjust himself with the help of family and friends . an excellent cast of actor  s helps make this movie very entertaining . eleanor parker  s role as the girlfriend was worthy of an oscar nomination . she has such an innocence to her in this movie . ann doran role was equally satisfying as was all of her small supporting roles . i especially like the hometown aura of pre  war phildelphia . the hunting scene is very good . of course the war scene on guadalcanal truly showed the horror faced by our soldiers during this epic battle . a well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten  
well i have to admit this was one of my favorites as a kid  when i used to watch it on a home projector as a super   reel . now there isn  t much to recommend it  other than the inherent camp value of actors being  terrified  by replicas of human skulls . the special effects are pretty silly  mostly consisting of skulls on wires and superimposed  ghost  images .  br    br   but there  s something to be said for the sets . the large mansion in which it takes place is pretty creepy  especially since it  s mostly unfurnished  probably due to budgetary reasons   .  br    br   it definitely inspires more laughs than screams  however . just try not to get the giggles when the wife  who does more than her share of screaming  goes into the greenhouse and is confronted with the ghost of her husband  s ex .  
being from the philadelphia suburbs and extremely interested in local history  this film provides an excellent vintage view of philadelphia in the     s . there are scenes of downtown  a train station that no longer exists    th street station   which still does exist  as well as scenes from the northeast part of the city . good shots of the old row  homes as they appeared then . the movie gets a bit  chatty  at times  causing the viewer to briefly lose interest . . . but the overall storyline is solid and very moving . anyone who enjoyed this movie should also try to see the film  bright victory   also with local footage of the valley forge army hospital in phoenixville  pa  and scenes from downtown phoenixville . the army hospital has since become a college campus . neither of these films are out on any format and i can  t imagine why . i have them both on vhs from home recording  as shown on tcm in recent years . i highly recommend them to any other history buffs out there from my area   
the screaming skull   outta  stars  this movie boasts some pretty cool opening credits  an offscreen narrator warning that movie patrons will be offered a free burial if they die of fright watching this movie  a scary shot of a skull emerging from a placid pool and the ubiquitous scary music  but  sadly  the movie is all downhill from there . a widowed man takes his new bride to his secluded mansion . . . admonishing his servants and friends that the new mrs . has a very fragile disposition due to a tragedy in her past . well  in no time at all she begins to see and hear mysterious things that no one else can . her husband assures her that it  s all merely in her mind and . . . well  you can probably see where this all is going . you will have figured out what  s going on long before our hapless heroine . . . because you have probably seen the exact same plot in hundreds of other movies and tv shows  and done better  too  . to add to the movie  s myriad transgressions  most cuts of this movie  on numerous cheap dvd compilations  seem to be missing a few key scenes . you see the heroine slowly walking towards the window . . . she goes to open it . . . you know she is going to see something scary . . . and then . . . suddenly the scene cuts to her sobbing in her husband  s arms . so what did she see    i guess we  ll never know .  
definitely at the top five of best john garfield movies has to be pride of the marines . it  s the true story of marine private al schmid who at the cost of his own sight  while wounded held off a horde of storming japanese on guadalcanal .  br    br   the story nicely segments in three parts  al schmid  s home life where he  s a simple working stiff who  s just getting serious with a woman and who likes nothing better than his bowling night . pearl harbor is bombed and he  s off to war as millions of others were .  br    br   the second part is at guadalcanal and we see part of the action where he  s in an isolated machine gun nest  holding off japanese troops . his action prevented marine positions from being overrun  but a grenade does in his eyesight .  br    br   and of course the third part is his painful adjustment to civilian life and to reassure himself that people aren  t just caring for him out of pity  most of all that girl he was seeing eleanor parker .  br    br   this film was broadcast on tcm on john garfield  s   th birthday and there was a documentary on garfield hosted by his daughter . one of the people interviewed said that garfield was the actor most believable in working class roles in having and holding a union card .  br    br   in that respect he was lucky in that he did land with warner brothers in hollywood . though he kept getting typecast in gangster roles in the tradition of that studio  garfield was terrific in these parts because of his background  because he came from the kind of life al schmid had  with the exception of garfield  s jewish background .  br    br   in that respect he was perfect to play the part of a working class hero like al schmid who accepted the responsibility of defending his country . no super heroics here  just a guy who  d rather have been back in philadelphia  but doing a job that had to be done .  br    br   it  s a great part for garfield . it  s a film one shouldn  t miss . i do wonder though whatever happened to the real al schmid .  
as far as cinematography goes  this film was pretty good for the mid    s . there were a few times that the lighting was way too hot but the shots were generally in frame and stayed in focus . the acting was above average for a low budget stinker but the direction was horrible . several scenes were dragged out way too long in an attempt at suspense and the effects were non  existent . the attack by the skull in the pond should have been completely removed from the final cut and every attempt to bring life to the skull was obvious with stick pokes and strings . i also couldn  t help but think the budget didn  t allow them to furnish the house so they kept making references to the movers and that all the things in storage should be coming soon . honestly . . . it would have been more entertaining if it were a worse movie . it wasn  t bad enough to be a  good  bad  movie but wasn  t good enough to be  good  either . get the mst  k version . . . it  s more fun .  
a wonderful and gritty war film that focuses on the inner torment of blinded marine al schmid . although it is tough and unpleasant it is in the end heroic  schmid  s triumph over disability and depression . the battle scene was superb . but one bone to pick . no matter how many .   bullets they fired i never saw any water or dirt being kicked up by the impacts  it hurt the realism  but i can live with it . fine performance by eleanor parker  again  as his girl friend .  
okay  so the introduction  with its hokey offer of a free coffin to anyone who dies of fright during the film  is so lame it  s funny . and so the first  skull scene  is so drawn out and un  suspenseful it  s funny . the actual plot of the movie is somewhat decent  there  s at least a little bit of genuine food for thought in the behavior of the characters  and the plot twist is decent as horror flicks go . the acting is average  not truly bad .  br    br   altogether  this movie doesn  t quite fall flat in the way a     movie would . it  s not terrible enough to get the lowest rating or even second lowest . if i just read the screenplay  i  d say there was potential for this to be a decent movie . it  s just that the horrid direction and production that ruin the movie . so it  s a bad movie  but there are much worse ones out there .  
no one would argue that this     war film was a masterpiece .  how could any     war film be a masterpiece   and yet this is an extremely effective telling of a true story  that of al schmidt  blinded on guadalcanal  as played by john garfield  who spent days wearing a blindfold to capture the nuances of a blind person  s actions . robert leckie  in  helmet for my pillow   denigrates schmidt  s popularity in favor of his foxhole mate  who was killed  writing that  the country must have needed live heroes .   br    br   well  i suppose the country did . and they had one here . there is a single combat scene in the movie  bound to the studio lot  lasting only ten minutes or so  and occurring less than halfway through the film instead of being saved for the climax  but it is the scariest and most realistic depiction of men under fire that i can remember having seen on screen  including those in  saving private ryan  . men yell with fear  scream at each other and at the enemy  and bleed and die  without the aid of color  stereophonic sound  squibs  or gore .  br    br   simply from a technological point of view  the film is outstanding . it isn  t just that we learn how complicated a mechanism a .   caliber  water  cooled browning machine gun is  or that it must be fired in bursts of only a few rounds  or that it isn  t waved around like a fire hose  as in so many other war movies . the technical precision adds to the scene  s riveting quality . the need to stick to short bursts is horrifying when dozens of shrieking enemies are pouring across a creek fifty feet away with the sole aim of exterminating you and your two isolated comrades confined to a small gun emplacement .  br    br   the performances are solid  if not bravura  including those of the ubiquitous     s support  john ridgeley  and a radiant  youthful eleanor parker . the framing love story is spare  but it works  and ultimately is quite moving . a striking dream sequence is included . it  s not bunuel  but for a routine     film  it stands out as original and effective .  br    br   albert maltz may have overwritten the script  or it may have been altered by someone else . it could have used the kind of pruning that might have introduced some much needed ambiguity . still  there are odd verbal punctuations that have a surprising impact on the viewer    why don  t god strike me dead   and   in the eyes  lee . get  em in the eyes   depths of anguish in a few corny words . and a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a     war film .  br    br   notes that might seem false to a contemporary viewer but perhaps shouldn  t the dated vernacular which it  s difficult to believe many of today  s kids could think was actually ever spoken    private gab    dope    drip    gee    you dumb coot    dame    a swell guy   and  feeling sorry for yourself .  let us consider the historical context and be kind in our judgments . at the time  some of this goofy lingo was at the cutting edge .  br    br   real weak points  the wounded veterans get together and argue with each other about how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply resolved with a conclusion along the lines of   just because you have a silver plate in your head doesn  t mean people will think you  re a bad person .  there are sometimes voice overs and silent prayers that are both unnecessary and downright unimaginative .  please  god  let him return to me   and that sort of thing .  br    br   well  the film makers were operating within the constraints of their times . maybe that  s why the final fade is on a shot of independence hall and the inspiring strains of  america the beautiful  swell in the back .  br    br   none of this can undo the film  s virtues  which are considerable  particularly the impact of that horrifying combat scene . it  s not on television that often . if you have a chance  by all means catch it .  
warning possible spoilers below  br    br   the film is more boring then anything else . there seems to be some attempt to build tension through badly lit shots of empty rooms and empty lawns  but none of it works .  br    br   mst  k did a fairly good job with it  but on its own the movie is mostly tedious .  br    br   funny moments  br    br   when the fake skull rolls out of a pile of ashes  the wife becomes hysterical and woozy while the husband  who is trying to drive the wife crazy  says in a deadpan voice  there is no skull there  there  s no skull .   br    br   when the real ghost  skulls have the husband caught in a pickle  as if trapped between first and second base .  
this movie is a fantastic movie . everything about it in my opinion was top notch from the acting to the directing . i know mr . garfield was blacklisted in the      s but the majority of his other films are on video if not dvd . that being the case  why isn  t this one  a friend recorded it off of tcm for me but to have it on dvd would be great . for special features they could have say a marine historian talk about the battle and if mr . schmid  s wife or son are still alive they could be interviewed as well . anyway this is a great movie and i highly recommend it . if it ever is put out hopefully it won  t be colorized . colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film . the battle scene was quite realistic as far as a      film would go . mr . garfield did a superb job of portraying mr . schmid . some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of mr . schmid  s disability but i feel he got it just right . i sincerely hope they come out with this movie on dvd someday as a tribute to the courage of al schmid and all the other marines who sacrificed so much for us in world war two .  
as the film begins a narrator warns us the screaming skull is so terrifying you might die of fright   and if such happens a free burial is guaranteed . well  i don  t think any one has died of fright from seeing this film  but a few may have died of boredom . the screaming skull is the sort of movie that makes ed wood look good .  br    br   very loosely based on the famous francis marion crawford story  skull is about a wealthy but nervous woman who marries a sinister man whose first wife died under mysterious circumstances . once installed in his home  she is tormented by a half  wit gardener  a badly executed portrait  peacocks  and ultimately a skull that rolls around the room and causes her to scream a lot . and to her credit  actress peggy webber screams rather well .  br    br   unfortunately  her ability to do so is the high point of the film . the plot is pretty transparent  to say the least  and while the cast is actually okay  the script is dreadful and the movie so uninspired you  ll be ready to run screaming yourself . true  the thing only runs about sixty  eight minutes  but it all feels a lot longer . add to this a truly terrible print quality and there you are .  br    br   there are films that are so bad they are fun to watch . it is true that the screaming skull has a few howlers   but the film drags so much i couldn  t work up more than an occasional giggle  and by the time the whole thing is over your head will roll from ennui . if it weren  t for peggy webber  s way with a scream  this would be the surefire cure for insomnia . give it a miss .  br    br   gft  amazon reviewer  
this is a great film classic from the    s and well produced . there are very dramatic scenes in this film with john garfield   al schmid    force of evil      and dane clark   lee diamond    last rites       fighting the japs during wwii being completely surrounded and with only one machine  gun . when al schmid was able to go home after being wounded with a horrible injury  his problems just started to begin with his family and engaged girl friend . dane clark gave an outstanding supporting role as lee diamond  who did everything to help his buddy al get his life together again . there is never a complete victory to war and lets not forget all the brave wounded military personnel in veterans hospitals from all the wars and our present iraq vets   
i couldn  t tell if  the screaming skull  was trying to be a hitchcock rip off or a modernized edgar allen poe tribute . these days  someone would have chopped it up a bit and presented it as one of those tv anthology episodes from the old  tales from the dark side  . . . but only after an extensive rewrite .  br    br   the sad thing is  there seems to be a nice  nasty little story trying to get out from under the rubble of this movie  and the actors are obviously doing the best they can with both their talent and the material they have to work with . but the director just didn  t know how to stage or pace a dramatic scene the special effects simply didn  t work the screenplay telegraphed its threadbare plot points so plainly that a bivalve could have seen them coming and the soundtrack kept playing german  oompah band  music when it was supposed to be trying to scare the audience .  br    br   they tried they tried really hard . but this is of interest only as a period piece . i suppose someone very young who hadn  t seen a lot of suspense or horror might get a charge out  the screaming skull   but someone that young probably wouldn  t get most of the subtext or plot motivation .   mommy  why is that nice man trying to scare the twisty faced scaredy  cat lady      
my father  dr . gordon warner  ret . major  us marine corps   was in guadalcanal and lost his leg to the japanese  and also received the navy cross . i was pleasantly surprised to learn that my father was the technical adviser of this film and i am hoping that he had an impact on the film in making it resemble how it really was back then  as i read in various comments written by the viewers of this film that it seemed like real  life . my father is a fanatic of facts and figures  and always wanted things to be seen as they were so i would like to believe he had something to do with that .  br    br   he currently lives in okinawa  japan  married to my mother for over   years  ironically  she  s japanese   and a few years ago was awarded one of the highest commendations from the emperor of japan for his contribution and activities of bringing back kendo and iaido to japan since mcarthur banned them after wwii .  br    br   my father was once a marine but i know that once you are a marine  you  re always a marine . and that is exactly what he is and i love and respect him very much .  br    br   i would love to be able to watch this film if anyone will have a copy of it . and i  d love to give it to my father for his   th birthday this year   
spoilers  br    br   i  m sure back when this was released in     it was much appropriate for its time . back then films were slower paced to allow audiences to follow and analyze the story . here a man moves into a house owned by his last wife that died mysteriously with his new wife . the gardener mickey  played by alex nicol  who also directed he film  really is an underappreciated character . he gets a skull to indirectly warn jenni that she is in trouble  since he knew that there was foul play in the first wife  s death . he can  t tell jenni directly what happened  so he tries to scare her off with the skull . jenni  we also find out  saw her parents die  thus causing a lifetime of mental anguish that lead to institutionalization . like many audiences today  i found the pacing to be a little too slow for my tastes . but if you like slow  paced horror without a lot of gore  this film is for you .  br    br    
  rock  n  roll high school  will probably have to go down in history as the ultimate rebellious party flick . portraying a bunch of high school students using the ramones  music as inspiration to rise up against their despotic principal  mary woronov  of  eating raoul  fame   the whole movie is a mile a minute . it  s basically a big excuse to have fun  and i  m sure that you will . bullied freshmen  check . a dorky music teacher  paul bartel  also from  eating raoul     check . exploding mice  checkmate .  br    br   anyway  this is the sort of stuff that makes life worth living . even for someone like me who doesn  t know the ramones  music  it  s pure pleasure . with roger corman executive producing and joe dante co  directing  how could we expect anything less  too bad that director allan arkush later degenerated into fare such as  caddyshack ii  .  br    br   also starring p . j . soles  vincent van patten  clint howard  dey young  dick miller  who has appeared in every one of joe dante  s movies  and many of roger corman  s   don steele  and of course the ramones . a real treat .  br    br   it seems like bartel and woronov always co  starred . they also co  starred in joe dante  s  hollywood boulevard  and the slasher flick  chopping mall   also starring dick miller  . . . in which they reprised their roles from  eating raoul  .  
i  m not sure this is a spoiler perhaps it is a public service . if you are one of those people focused on instant gratification who skip end credits  you will miss the final line of the end credits news announcer  s voice  over  which states the u . s . has just surrendered to nazi germany on may       to end wwii . here are just a few of the problems with this close  br    br     the older viewer must conjure up the equivalent of two or three more unholy movies in their mind  s eye to fill in the yawning chasm between movie events and this startling conclusion .  br    br     the average person will really kick themselves that they did not  watch  one of these unholy fill  in  the  blanks flicks created in their own head for free  instead of shelling out time and money to see this unholy from the video store  or on cable  .  br    br     this end credits sequence of imagined news bulletins may be the first information some younger viewers are exposed to about wwii  leading them to the conclusion that george w . bush is the latest heir to the nazi throne .  
most war films made in the us during wwii were great fun to watch but suffered from severe gaps in realism because they were being produced more for propaganda value to raise the spirits at home than anything else . i am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable . however  because they so often lack realism they are prevented from being truly great films . a perfect example was the john garfield film air force   in which a b    nearly single  handedly takes out half the japanese air force  however  pride of the marines is a welcome departure   scoring high marks for portraying a true story in a reasonably accurate manner . when i first saw this film  i thought it was not a true story as it seemed way too improbable to be true . however  after researching further i found that it was in fact rather true to the amazing story of two men who did so much to earn the medal of honor . this is one case where real life seemed too incredible to be true   
i first saw this movie on mst  k . and although i laughed my posterior off at the jokes  i don  t particularly think this movie was all that bad . sure it was a little hard to understand it is quite obviously low budget  but it had a very hitchcock  like plot and i can honestly say that when i viewed the non  mst  k version  i was genuinely entertained . this movie is crying out for a hollywood remake .  
i hadn  t seen this film in probably   years  so when i recently noticed that it was going to be on television  cable  again for the first time in a very long time  it is not available on video   i made sure i didn  t miss it . and unlike so many other films that seem to lose their luster when finally viewed again  i found the visual images from the  pride of the marines  were as vivid and effective as i first remembered . what makes this movie so special  anyway   br    br   everything . based on the true story of al schmid and his fellow marine machine gun crew  s ordeal at the battle of the tenaru river on guadalcanal in november       the screenplay stays    true to the book upon which it was based   al schmid  marine  by roger butterfield  varying only enough to meet the time constrains of a motion picture . this is not a typical  war movie  where the action is central  and indeed the war scene is a brief   minutes or so in the middle of the film . but it is a memorable   minutes  filmed in the lowest light possible to depict a night battle  and is devoid of the mock heroics or falseness that usually plagues the genre . in a way probably ahead of its time  the natural drama of what happened there was more than sufficient to convey to the audience the stark  ugly  brutal nature of battle  and probably shocked audiences when it was seen right after the war . this film isn  t about  glorifying  war i can  t imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and wanting to enlist in the service . not right away  anyway .  br    br   what this film really concerns is the aftermath of battle  and how damaged men can learn to re  claim their lives . there  s an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this  and i feel that  s another reason why the film was so so well received   it was exceptionally well  written . there  s a  dream  sequence done in inverse  negative film  that seems almost experimental  and the acting is strong  too  led by john garfield . garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and schmid  s were nearly the same  and garfield met schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role . actors don  t do that much anymore  but added to the equation  it  s just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult  unattractive story .  
when you have a disembodied skull  an empty mansion  a schizophrenic wife  a scheming cad and a nutzo gardener  throw in a minister and his wife  what have you got   br    br   aip  s answer to insomnia .  br    br    the screaming skull  gets points for audacity  offering free caskets for anyone who dies of fright from watching the film . pretty safe bet  when you  re lulled into a stupor by people who think they  re in a production of  suspense for dummies  .  br    br   but peggy webber was a cutie  anyway . she had a few good moments of acting here and there  especially when trying to communicate with the gardener  and no one else fills a nightgown like she . but that scared face she makes  scary in itself . whoa .  br    br   as a whole  though  there is little suspense here and everything is telegraphed like a punch thrown by a mime . you can  t be scared by this film  it  s impossible . it has its moments  but not enough of them .  br    br   however  thanks to a certain mike nelson and his two robot pals  there are several moments of pure joy  especially in the copy they got hold of   the film jumped  and it was really scary    .  br    br   one star for  the screaming skull   eight and a half for the mst  k version .  br    br   talk about a  screaming  bore . . . .  
in the immediate aftermath following world war ii  sound minds in hollywood tried to distance themselves from the mindless flag  waving that is a natural ingredient in a war effort .  best years of our lives  and even  gentleman  s agreement  investigated the way americans looked at themselves in the wake of the war  but delmer daves   pride of the marines  beat them to it .  br    br   the film is about philadelphia smart alec john garfield who goes to war as a marine and after a nightmarish evening in a foxhole  with japanese soldiers eerily crying out at him and his buddies  mariiines  tonight you die    he is blinded by a hand  grenade  and dumps his girlfriend back home rather than have to depend on her after coming home .  br    br   delmer daves is uncompromising in his depiction on these men who are brave  as it were  almost by coincidence . they are there  in the foxhole  and when shot at  they react . so much for heroism  but they get the job done . and then comes the self  pity  the dark  gloomy sense of humor . garfield is in angry denial of his blindness and the film makes no excuses   there  s no free candy for anyone in this world   as his buddy tells him . the same guy  a jew  played by dane clark  reminds him   in a war somebody gets it  and you  re it . everybody  s got problems  when i get back  some guys won  t hire me  because my name is diamond  .  br    br   great movies are made with guts like these  and if the first half hour of  pride of the marines  fails to rise to the occasion completely  from then on it evolves into a true work of art . you weep  and you ponder  you ache and you hope against hope . well  simply art .  br    br    
  the screaming skull  opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it  now there  s a hook  the story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness  then attempts to convince her that she  s going insane with shrill noises  mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times . add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man  s first wife who he was devoted to . maybe it  s just that the      s didn  t have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie  the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane . but then again  when i first saw  house on haunted hill  as a nine year old  it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way i  m sure this film did for young viewers of the same era .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  the film is not terrible  it just seems to get tedious at times . but there  s some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished whitlock home  and the gardens and pool are a nice touch . for me the best played out scene involves eric whitlock  john hudson  going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull  he just wades right in clothes and all  in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener  director alex nicol in a dual role  . it makes you wonder who the real dimwit was .  br    br   in it  s own good way  perhaps the most shocking thing about the film how about that neat roadster the whitlock  s make their first appearance in  gull wing doors in      that at least made me jump out of my seat   
sometimes i watch a movie and am really impressed by it  and still it is not easy to explain why i liked it that much . this is mostly true for the uncommon movies  the ones one can hardly compare with the rest out there . goodnight mister tom is one of these special movies . there is a lot of emotion in that movie  and the acting was so good that while watching the movie  i was crying and laughing as the story went on . the young nick robinson  is a young boy  william  evacuated from london because of the air strikes there during the second world war . mr . tom played by john thaw is an old man leaving in the village the evacuated children were send to .  br    br   at first tom refuses to take any responsibilities  such as taking care for a troubled young lad  but accepts since he is left without a choice . during the stay mr . tom discovers how horrible the life has been for the william  alongside his luggage his mom sent a belt and written instructions to the host of her son  not to hesitate to use it . this belt is berried in the field  never to be used in such a brutal manner . mr . tom provides a real home for william  and the boy is happy with his new life  he goes to school  makes new friends and discovers hidden talents . all of the sudden a letter william is called home in london with a letter mentioning that she is not feeling welland it starts all over again  only this time it gets much worse there are many feelings you can sense in this movie  love  fear  sadness  happiness  pain  hope  and much more . goodnight mr . tom is another masterpiece of the british cinema comparable only with others such as dear frankie and billy elliot  if one is to compare . i have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it . before finishing this review i would also like to mention the great performance of thomas orange in the role of zac  reminded me of a friend of mine from my own childhood    
welcome to a bad ghost story and someone  s nightmare . this horror tale finds a newly married husband  john hudson  and wife  peggy weber  haunted by the memory of his previous wife and screaming skulls found throughout their empty mansion and lily pond . is the husband really trying to drive his already anxious bride insane  or is it the learning challenged gardener mickey  alex nicol  who has taken care of the mansion  s grounds since the death of the original mistress of the house  this low budget horror flick has a story line that keeps you involved all the way the finale . special effects are pretty bad even at     standards . i swear at times the screaming skull sounds much like it should be in a godzilla movie . also in the cast as reverend snow is character actor russ conway . by the way . . . the lurking gardener  nicol  is the film  s director . you can catch this as part of amc  s monsterfest .  
quite a heartwarming little film and not just for the kids . john thaw is brilliant as always  without any hint of inspector morse about him  . the boy playing william did a good job as well though i didn  t find him convincing in every scene . i loved the whole feel of the small village and the slower pace of life in those times . i also felt the scenes in london where historically accurate  as far as i could tell .  br    br   it strongly reminded me of a scandinavian film i saw a couple of years ago called mother of mine . that film featured a boy being evacuated from finland to sweden during ww ii . the wife of the family taking him in asked for a girl because  as it turns out  she lost her daughter . getting a boy instead she completely ignores him . the fact that the boy speaks finnish complicates matters even further . i highly recommend that film to anyone who enjoyed goodnight mr . tom  it has the same feel to it .  
a man brings his new wife to his home where his former wife died of an  accident  . his new wife has just been released from an institution and is also very rich  all of the sudden she starts hearing noises and seeing skulls all over the place . is she going crazy again or is the first wife coming back from the dead   br    br   you  ve probably guessed the ending so i won  t spell it out . i saw this many times on saturday afternoon tv as a kid . back then  i liked it but i was young . seeing it now i realize how bad it is . it  s horribly acted  badly written  very dull  even at an hour  and has a huge cast of five people  one being the director   still it does have some good things about it .  br    br   the music is kinda creepy and the setting itself with the huge empty house and pond nearby is nicely atmospheric . there also are a few scary moments  i jumped a little when she saw the first skull  and a somewhat effective ending . all in all it  s definitely not a good movie . . . but not a total disaster either . it does have a small cult following . i give it a  .  br    br   also try to avoid the elite dvd drive  in edition of it  it  s paired with  attack of the giant leeches   . it  s in terrible shape with jumps and scratches all over . it didn  t even look this bad on tv   
goodnight mister tom is so beautifully filmed and beautifully realised . it isn  t completely faithful to the book  but does it have to be  no  not at all . john thaw is mesmerising as tom oakley . his transformation from gruff to caring was so well realised  making it more believable than scrooge in christmas carol . after inspector morse  this is thaw  s finest hour . he was matched earnestly by a young nick robinson  who gave a thoroughly convincing portrayal of an evacuee traumatised by the abusive relationship with his mother . the script and music made it worth the buy  and you also see thaw playing the organ . amazing  the most moving scene  was willie finding out about zak  s death  and then tom telling him about his deceased family who died of scarlatina . buy this  you  ll love it       bethany cox  
villa rides       turns out to be something of a big disappointment  and even though sam peckinpah had a hand in the screenplay  along with robert towne  it still emerges as a leadenly written movie dryly directed by the undistinguished buzz kulik . firstly  top billed yul brynner as pancho villa is wrong for the part  he  s not charismatic enough to play the great mexican revolutionary  his one note performance lacks the fire and gusto anthony quinn or gilbert roland could have brought to the role . brynner simply looks like a russian aristocrat dressed up like a mexican bandit who is in the middle of the mexican revolution instead of the russian one . also  second billed robert mitchum is totally wasted in the picture  his part as a biplane flying ace lobbing home  made bombs from the air in the cause of the revolution is a poorly written meager role that could have been played by any minor star . mitch hasn  t a decent line in the entire movie and brings to one  s mind his other mexican revolution picture the far superior  bandido        which unfortunately nobody seems to have any interest in releasing on dvd . besides lacking any kind of style  villa rides  also suffers badly without the presence of a female star  there is starlet grazia buccella as a young mexican girl who gives mitchum the glad eye but her casting is merely perfunctory . someone like claudia cardinale or jean peters could have perhaps added a couple of badly needed notches to the faltering story line .  br    br   there are a couple of good action scenes in the movie but a couple of good action scenes do not a movie make and the less than perfect panavision picture quality plus the over repetitive maurice jarre theme tune doesn  t help matters .  br    br   as is paramount  s wont there are no extras  not even a trailer  yup  a disappointing movie and dvd presentation that could have been and should have been a whole lot better .  
this movie resonated with me on two levels . as a kid i was evacuated from london and planted on unwilling hosts in a country village . while i escaped the bombing and had experiences which produced treasured memories  for example hearing a nightingale sing one dark night for the very first time  and enjoying a life i never could have had in london  i missed my family and worried about them . tom is an old man whose wife and child have both died and who lives alone in a small country village . as an old man who is now without a wife whose kids have gotten married and live far away in another province  i am again sometime lonely . the boy  s mother is a religious fanatic with very odd ideas of raising a child . since a deep affection has grown between old tom oakley and this young lad  tom goes in search of him and finally rescues him from very odd and dangerous circumstances . at the end of the story there is great tension since due to some bureaucratic ruling it seems that the child is going to lose someone who has developed a loving relationship with him .  
i mean  i thought i heard this dialog in the movie  but it was so bad and out of place that i can  t really believe it . i was laughing so hard at what must have been the worst writing and acting in human history  i was seriously worried that i might have a heart attack and die right there in the theater .  br    br   so this is the scene i am talking about  the  hero  just watched his brother crash and his brothers car exploded right there just feet away from him  the hero  . the  hero  was throwing the expected  fit  at seeing something so tragic and people were trying to hold him back from running into the burning car .  br    br   in the middle of his fit and his uncontrollable rage  emotional break down he says  i am so sad   he said that right  am i crazy   
marvelous film again dealing with the trials and tribulations of world war   england . what makes this film so good is the touching of the human element . this film is definitely in the tradition of such british line classics such as  mrs . miniver  and  hope and glory .  as is the case with this film  we see the desperation of people in the time of war .  br    br   the performances are outstanding here especially by the embittered john thaw  who is assigned a child who has been evacuated from the london bombing .  br    br   we soon see why this child wets his bed . he comes from a lunatic mother who has abused him terribly .  br    br   the old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life . when the child is returned to his mother  the old man goes to london and seeks him out only to find tragedy . he literally kidnaps the boy and is able to convince a higher up that the child is better off with him than being in a boy  s home .  br    br   the picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships .  
this movie was bad to say the least    the plethora of superb cars are disgraced to have have been showcased in this lame movie . it starts off with a race from l . a . to las vegas to be completed in  hr   min . . . in a ferrari f    . i did that in  hr   min in a tiny  cylinder    hp     honda accord . seriously . . . this movie does not do justice to these cars . obviously these writers are just that and probably drive under the speed limit with their hands      o  clock . i remember seeing on the news how eddie griffin crashed a  .  million dollar ferrari enzo going      mph    youtube . com  watch  vcnvrmzx  kms  br    br   and . . . the director andy cheng is the biggest sellout    he brings shame to his own race . i wonder just how many people he orally pleased just to break into hollywood . he partook in a movie that portrays asian americans in such a negative and false way . asian women   cheap money grubbing whores . asian men   losing compulsive gamblers  thugs that get beat all the time . what the heck is all the fear about asians   why the need to always portray them in such a negative connotation   i am so sick of the way hollywood always portrays asians in such a negative and false pretext .  
this is arguably john thaw  s finest performance where he successfully shakes off any traits of his inspector morse character and brings a perfect adaptation of tom from the pages of the book to the tv screen . this is a well made production which maintains its family viewing vibe despite some very mature themes like the outbreak of the second world war and the physical abuse suffered by the child .  br    br   however it is the relationship between tom and young willie that is the heart and soul of this story . it is touching and beautiful to see this bond between the young boy evacuated from london and the grumpy old man he is left with develop  a real grandfather  grandson connection .  br    br   it is a pity that this story wasn  t made with a bigger budget with a more established director as it belongs on the big screen  not shown once or twice every ten years on a sunday afternoon . given the right guidance  john thaw would be celebrated the world over and bestowed with many awards for his brilliant performance in this movie . a great actor and a great role that should have been honored more than it was at the time .  
i am a dumber person for renting the dvd redline . chicago pictures who made this stupid movie never paid palisades media group to buy web ads on various automotive sites including mine which has an alexa rating of   k . they ripped me off on the deal and now i am out        and they wasted much of my personal time  peter rapport of palisades media  you know who you are   br    br   please don  t rent or buy this movie    it sucks and the people behind it are ripoff artists .  br    br   redline has a cast of losers and poor actors   br    br   this movie is a joke  
this film has been on my wish list for ten years and i only recently found it on dvd when my partner  s grandson was given it . he watched it at and was thrilled to learn that it was about my generation  born in     and evacuated in     and he wanted to know more about it  and me . luckily i borrowed it from him and watched it on my own and i cried all through it . not only did it capture the emotions  the class distinction  the hardship and the warmth of human relationships of those years  as well as the cruelties  spoken and unspoken   but it was accurate  i am also a bit of an anorak when it comes to arp uniforms  ambulances  lcc  in the right colour  white  and all the impedimenta of the management of bomb sites and the work of the heavy rescue brigades . i couldn  t fault any of this from my memories  and the sandbagged anderson shelter and the wvs canteens brought it all back . the difference between the relatively unspoiled life in the village and war  torn london was also sharply presented i re  lived        and my own evacuation from london with this production  i know jack gold  s work  of course  and one would expect no more from him than this meticulous detail but it went far beyond the accurate representation of the facts and touched deep chords about human responses and the only half  uttered value judgements of those years . it was certainly one of the great high spots in john thaw  s acting career and of gold  s direction and deserves to be better known . it is a magnificent film and i have already ordered a couple of copies to send to friends .  
this will be best known for the ferrari that was crashed when eddie griffin was doing promotion .  br    br   tale of racing and betting is a poorly made by the numbers that appears to have a director who couldn  t see the numbers . largely a point and shoot affair with a group of actors in it for a paycheck . this is not a good movie  but its not bad enough to be watchable and end up as a some what nothing film isn  t worth bothering with no matter how you look at it .  br    br   misogynistic  despite the fact one of the leads is a woman  this is a film that was clearly made just to get the producer and director close to pretty girls . want evidence  there are long lingering shots of women in next to nothing that serve no purpose other than perhaps to get a rise out of people too afraid to rent a porno or the sports illustrated swimsuit dvd .  br    br   avoid this movie at all costs  
i simply love this movie . i also love the ramones  so i am sorta biased to begin with in the first place . there isn  t a lot of critical praise to give this film  either you like it or you don  t . i think it  s a great cult movie .  
when i started watching this movie i saw the dude from buffy  xander  and figured ah how nice that he  s still making a living acting in movies . now a weird movie i can stand  given that it  s a good dose of weird like for example david lynch movies  twin peaks  lost highway etc . and you sort of have to be in the mood for one . this one however made me mockingly remember the crazy websites about there about conspiracy theory  s that make absolutely no sense . i mean come on people nazi  s who conspire with america to make an unholy trinity of evil powers  i was surprised they didn  t mention the hollow earth in this movie with hitler flying saucers and lizard people . maybe if you had like   grams of heroine with this movie it would make some sort of sense  but seriously i don  t condone drugs like i don  t condone this movie . it should be burned  shredded and forgotten just so good ol  xander might get another acting job . it wasn  t his acting though  that was alright  but the script just didn  t make any sense . sorry .  
well  when before i saw this film i really wasn  t sure whether it would be my cup of tea . . . how wrong i was  i thought that this was one of the best films i  ve watched for a very long time  a real family classic . the story of a young evacuee and his new  foster  dad  this film ticks all the boxes . i  ve not read the book  maybe that  s a good thing  meant i enjoyed the film more  but with regards to the story  i really can  t think of any bad points  hence scoring it   out of    and i hardly ever think anything warrants top marks   . by the time william proclaimed  i can ride my bike  dad   i was sobbing my heart out  anyone who  s seen it will understand  i  m sure  . really heartwarming  and definitely recommended .  
this movie should have been named need for speed the movie . for those who have not played the games need for speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot . this applies perfectly to redline . the only thing about this movie that was a  level were the cars . the acting seemed forced and scripted  the premise was flimsy at best  and the plot was almost nonexistent . i only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and  while it was pretty bad  it could have been worse . and at least it was entertaining . i just wish they had showed eddie griffin crashing the enzo somewhere in the movie . all in all  don  t pay for it  don  t go out of your way to see it  but if it  s on showtime or hbo and there isn  t anything else on  it  s a decent distraction .  
this made  for  tv film is a brilliant one . this is probably the best and favourite role by bafta winning john thaw  kavanagh q . c . and inspector morse  . tom oakley  thaw  widowed man has lived in a village alone for a while since his wife and son died  and now he has been landed with an evacuee called willaim beech  nick robinson  . as he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship . until willaim  s mum  annabelle apsion  wants him back . after tom gets worried about william not contacting him he goes to london to find him . in the end willaim gets his home with a loving family  or dad  . set during the second world war this is an excellent film . it was nominated the bafta lew grade award  and it won the national television award for most popular drama . john thaw was number  on tv  s   greatest stars . very good   
i like bad movies . i like to rent bad movies with my friends and rip on them for their duration . then there are abhorrent movies like this . redline is not just a bad movie  but a telling sign that maybe the american movie industry should please  for the sake of the viewer  at least proofread scripts before funding a movie .  br    br   if a stereotype took a crap  this movie would spawn from that . the storyline is unbearable  and the acting all around is laughable . nadia bjorlin and eddie griffin have  perhaps  the worst screen chemistry i  ve seen in a good while  and even individually they should be isolated from humanity and beaten with a bag of oranges until they change their profession to street merchants  about the only thing they can legitimately qualify for  . furthermore  how angus macfadyen got convinced to do this movie is so far beyond me that i can  t even think of an analogy . i am a loyal fan of his  but this has made me question him .  br    br   to sum it up . several people want revenge for different reasons  and if you care enough to know what they are  you  re a bigger person than me   so much so that it turns to violence  i guess  . the movie is like ouroboros  the snake that swallows its own tail  in that it  s an endless cycle of confusion and dialogue not fit for human ears . this movie is essentially one big car commercial for the first half  and an indecipherable action movie for the rest  it should be avoided at any and all costs .  br    br   i wish i could find one positive aspect to this movie  and i think it lies in the fact that eventually the credits do roll .  br    br   p . s . nadia bjorlin  if that was you singing those two songs in this movie  then you are a hack  and i hope old age ravages you .  br    br   p . s . s . if you do rent this movie looking for a laughable experience  listen for the lyrics to nadia bjorlin  s awesome songs .  
a heartwarming film . the usual superb acting by john thaw  who passed over recently . a man who was always so unassuming . he was one of englands top   actors certainly of my time .  br    br   he can be remembered for his famous role of inspector morse . as jack regan in the      s hit tv series  the sweeney and as a barrister in kavanah qc . a must see for all the family and a great dvd for my collection . the filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of london to escape the german bombings . the interaction between the two main characters . tom and the boy william was really well acted and true to the book by michelle magorian .  
you cannot deny that we have an affinity for speed . that  s why movies like fast and the furious  dhoom  rempit get made to play to the satisfaction of audiences  especially local ones . we live on a tiny island  and i cannot fathom why  for the relative efficiency of the public transportation system  most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels which come with     tax when they reach our shores  and the myriad of taxes and bills to pay when operating one . not only that  the high end sports cars were once quipped by a prominent politician up north that they will never reach fourth gear  lest they reach the sea .  br    br   and these movies are relatively easy to make . hot wheels and hot chicks always go down well together in targeting the required demographic . for once  those plunging necklines exposing uncanny buxom and short skirts accentuating legs two meters long  can  t compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in movies such as these . of course there are amongst us  ahem  those that go for the sexists portrayal of women as mere sexual objects  otherwise explain why motor shows come with truckloads of models  and movies such as these cannot do without a leggy model in a frame   however  they don  t warrant the kind of collective orgasmic sighs whenever the four wheelers come on screen  even when they do exactly nothing and have their gears into park . the guy sitting beside me  i swear he wet his pants every time his dream car  s  appear  and creamed his pants even more when he hears those growling engine moans .  br    br   so there we have it  the fan boys who turned up in droves just to watch which of the latest cool cars get featured in the movie . with the fast and the furious franchise  the japanese models like the evos and the skylines take centerstage  as does the gt . here  the ford gt takes on an incredibly drool  worthy facade modification  that even i  m impressed  alongside the latest models like the ferrari enzos  porshe carerra gts  koenigsegg ccxs  and every car out there that has wings for doors . but seriously  my heart goes out to the cars each time they  re mercilessly wrecked just for entertainment . i mean  this are perfectly fine  high performance models that are at the apex of motoring  but yet because whoever financed the movie had millions to blow  they do so because they can   br    br   there  s no story in redline  just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties  the cars that is  that can rip down the tarmac in probably the most boring fashion possible  and with the usual shots of pedals  always the accelerator  mind you  tapping the brake pedal is tantamount to blasphemy  and earn you no respect   steering wheels  gear shifts  always shifting up and not down   all these while having the actors make pretend that they  re the baddest asses with an engine  snarling and giving each other dirty looks . not a very tall order for an actor  and that  s why we get the most woeful performances ever  with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolkids .  br    br   the heroine  yes  it made a statement that girls can drive  natasha  a very plasticky looking nadia bjorlin  is one of those million dollar finds  a girl with model looks who don  t mind getting down on fours and immersed in oil  who has racing pedigree within her  and performs with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just plain laughable  every line had to do with cars  and when singing about love  just had to string those innuendos like shifting gear shafts  lubricants and going for rides  . introduced against her wishes to illegal racing by a gangsta called infamous  eddie griffin   she gets drawn into family squabbles involving a leo dicaprio lookalike iraq war veteran  and some sleazy lecherous looking rich uncle . everything else  well like i said  just serves as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race .  br    br   and it  s almost always the same  as there  s very limited to what you can do to heighten tension between race cars  especially when you know the race is rigged  for narrative reasons  and can see the race outcome a mile away from the finishing line . while fast and furious had quite charismatic actors  and i will put my head on the chopping block by naming paul walker  sun kang  and of course  the star it created  vin diesel  redline had none  just pretty faces with lots of air unfortunately . it looks like a tv movie in its treatment from the get go  with a very insipid opening sequence where it  s one man  one car  and a    minutes race against time to get to vegas .  br    br   if not for the cars  then this movie seriously is a piece of junk  with bad acting  bad lines and bad action . strictly for the car fans  or those who like their movies with countless of bevy beauties who pimp their bodies without any speaking lines .  
absolute masterpiece of a film  goodnight mr . tom has swiftly become one of my favourite films of all time . nobody should miss out on seeing this film  it  s just too good  mr . tom is perfectly portrayed by john thaw as the harsh old man who becomes a soft father  figure when william beech  nick robinson  is sent to him for evacuation  almost like  the town mouse and the country mouse  . a truly heart wrenching film . the director knew exactly how to turn book into film and he has done so extremely well . the film was so excellently shot that the emotions of the characters and what was happening made the audience feel a range of emotions from love to fear  and these emotions could turn on a six  pence . set in a time of turmoil during world war two  this film also shows the difference between the cities and the countryside  they are almost like different countries . an absolute must see  those who don  t are missing out on a truly amazing and brilliant film .  
i felt like i was watching the fast and the furious again  but with different actors and a little bit different plot . i will say the cars in the film are very cool . so  if you like fast cars  then you will probably find this movie mildly entertaining . i also liked nadia bjorlin because i  ve seen her from days of our lives . she is a really good singer  but too bad they gave her such lousy songs to sing in this movie . i mean songs about cars not exactly what you would here on the radio . since it is a hollywood film  you have to give this story a little lee way  but in real life i don  t think any average joe would come across such a hot girl as nadia bjorlin who can drive a race car  fix a car engine  and be a lead singer . it  s just all very silly .  br    br   another side note  any one willing to wager   million on a car race is a nut . but it was kinda of cool at the end when natasha stops right before the finish line and screws michael over . priceless .  br    br   final verdict this movie is for car freaks . so  if you like fast cars  then i  d recommend this .  
john thaw is a an excellent actor . i have to admit that i was impressed by his range in the role of a crusty old curmudgeon who reluctantly agrees to take in an evacuee from the streets of london  wwii time era  .  br    br   that being said  the film is also excellent . a very moving story with a satisfying ending . some of the characters are a little underdeveloped  the school teacher in particular   but none of them are essential to the plot . basically  the story is about the old man and the boy  and the film needs little else .  
so it has come to this . fast  expensive cars that only the upper   will ever drive . the girls that pose next to them in gearhead magazines . second  tier and no  name actors . cheap promotional appearances by people from niche culture .  br    br   this is the garbage that hollywood has to offer . don  t get me wrong i love the mindless action flick with hot chicks as much as the next guy . but please  will the collective braintrust that greenlights this stuff please stop  count to ten  breathe  have a hearty  woooooosaaaaaah   then rewind twentyfive years and recall what made movies enjoyable once upon a time  then actually make some movies like that again   br    br   i have nothing against poker  but the entire pop  culture explosion it has enjoyed over the past five years is ridiculous . everyone and their mother thinks their maverick now  not that half of them even will get that reference  . some executive said   hey  what demographic do you want to leach   .   out of    i know  sir . the      market .   ok  let  s give them poker  girls  and fast cars .   brilliant idea  sir .  the result  a film that i  ve seen a hundred times late at night on spike tv  and more often than not  starring dolph lundgren .  br    br   now don  t misunderstand mei am not a film snob . over  the  top artsy flicks like the english patient don  t float my boat  but generic films that should not have even been made straight to dvd bother the hell out of me too . only adolescent gearheads will have their engines revved by this  and i imagine the ones in the higher end of their iq range will see this for what it is a junkyard .  
this has to be one of the most beautiful  moving  thought provoking films around . it  s good family entertainment and at the same time makes you think very hard about the issues involved . every time i see the  ghost of zac riding the bike through the puddle at the end i can  t help but cry my eyes out . john thaw  s performance is so touching and it is a shame he is no longer with us . gone but not forgotten . a outstanding film . full marks .  
i  m sorry to say that there isn  t really any way  in my opinion  that an enzo would really be able to keep up with a saleen s  twin turbo . the power to weight advantage possessed by the s  would just be too great . the s  has a powerweight ratio of  .   lbs  hp while the enzo has  .   lbs  hp . the s  s low end is much better too . sorry ferrari fans but the saleen just gets it done so much better .  br    br   as for other parts of this film  i just have to say it  s so substandard as to be pathetic . the story is way too weak . the acting in this lemon is worse than daytime soaps .  br    br   i can say that as far as it being a treatise on negative psychology its kind of a gem . this film is nothing if not a glaring definition as to what narcissism and sociopathy are all about . its all about these rich punks getting their rocks off while showing only traces of feigned remorse for all the innocent road users they cause injury or death too .  br    br   i can  t give the film a   star  rating because it didn  t compel me to actually walk out of the theater . i also think that having an amazingly beautiful brunette with killer blue eyes as the leading female saves it from being completely abysmal . . . . although there is no way her singing would put her on the cover of  variety  .  br    br   ps the guy who plays jason is sooooo the skid row version of james vanderbeek .  
i saw the movie before i read the michelle magorian book and i enjoyed both . the movie  more than the book  made me come close to tears on several occasions . this film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go . i encourage as many people to watch this masterpiece as much and as soon as possible . i give it ten stars .  
  a total waste of time  just throw in a few explosions  non stop fighting  exotic cars a deranged millionaire  slow motion computer generated car crashes and last but not least a hugh hefner like character with wall to wall hot babes  and mix in a blender and you will have this sorry excuse for a movie . i really got a laugh out of the  dr . evil  like heavily fortified compound . the plot was somewhere between preposterous and non existent . how many millionaires are willing to make a   million dollar bet on a car race  answer  but  didn  t they become millionaires through fiscal responsibility  this was written for pubescent males  it plays like a video game . i did enjoy the gulfstream ii landing in the desert though .  
the plot of goodnight mr tom on paper makes it seem we are in for a large dose of maudlin  sickly sentiment . but  talented director jack gold is an expert on touching the emotions in the right manner  and it emerges instead as a compelling  deeply moving wartime drama with excellent production and lead performances . one of the best  if not the best tv movies of the      s which possibly would  ve had even greater success if it had been released in the cinemas .  br    br   the evacuation of children to countryside towns and villages in world war ii was of course a common practice  but in the case of the young boy here was doubly important because of a wretched home life in the uk  s capital . the horrors of war on the home front are not drifted over though  and the construction of the film until it  s throat  lumping  misty  eyed ending leaves us with a sense of optimism despite what has happened before . it is almost  but not quite  worthy of comparison with the finale to it  s a wonderful life       . all in all  a modern classic .  
the cars in this movie are awesome . the acting in this movie is awful . the plot and driving scenes don  t make much sense and are equally bad . if you get really bothered by movies where someone shifts and suddenly goes ridiculously faster  save yourself the trouble and money . good movie for racing fans  well  there is a part where they make the mistake of referring to a nascar driver as a rally car driver . if you can  t tell the difference  go watch it  you  ll have a blast . it really comes down to this  there are really really really nice cars in this movie  they are driven horribly and are completely unrealistic . the acting is horrible mainly because of the extremely bad plot . if you want to see hot girls  turn on mtv or vh  instead . i am disappointed that such nice cars would be represented in such a bad movie . if the class of the cars were to match that of the movie  they should be racing with rusted bicycles .  
if john thaw had never played  morse    kavanagh   or starred in  the sweeney  and other productions  he  d be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in  goodnight mr tom  .  br    br   superbly supported by an equally tremendous performance by his co  star  young nick robinson in his first role   and an unobtrusive cast  this adaptation of michelle magorian  s charming novel is a fitting memorial to his art .  br    br   when i read this story of an old widowed norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from london before and during the blitz  i found a rather obvious time  line error in it  and credit must go to the makers of this film for rectifying this error . they also must be applauded for not over  sentimentalising the tale  and preventing what could have been turned  quite easily  into a mushy mess .  br    br   if you keep a cd or video library then this feel  good made for tv movie is an absolute must inclusion .  
acting is horrible . this film makes fast and furious look like an academy award winning film . they throw a few boobs and butts in there to try and keep you interested despite the extremely weak and far fetched story . there is a reason why people on the internet aren  t even downloading this movie . this movie sunk like an iron turd . do not waste your time renting or even downloading it . this film is and always will be a perma  turd . i am now dumber for having watched it . in fact this title should be referred to as a  perma  turd  from now on . calling it a film is a travesty and insult . abhorrent  abominable  appalling  awful  beastly  cruel  detestable  disagreeable  disgusting  dreadful  eerie  execrable  fairy  fearful  frightful  ghastly  grim  grisly  gruesome  heinous  hideous  horrendous  horrid  loathsome  lousy  lurid  mean  nasty  obnoxious  offensive  repellent  repulsive  revolting  scandalous  scary  shameful  shocking  sickie  terrible  terrifying  ungodly  unholy  unkind  
john thaw  of inspector morse fame  plays old tom oakley in this movie . tom lives in a tiny english village during     and the start of the second world war . a bit of a recluse  tom has not yet recovered from the death of his wife and son while he was serving during the first world war . if you can imagine inspector morse old and retired  twice as crochety as when he was a policeman  then you  ve got tom oakley  s character .  br    br   yet this heart of flint is about to melt . london children are evacuated in advance of the blitz . young william  willie  beech is billeted with the protesting tom . willie is played to good effect by nick robinson .  br    br   this boy is in need of care with a capital c . behind in school  still wetting the bed  and unable to read are the smallest of his problems . he comes from a horrific background in london  with a mother who cannot cope  to put it mildly .  br    br   slowly  yet steadily  man and boy warm to each other . tom discovers again his ability to love and care . and the boy learns to accept this love and caring . see tom and willie building a bomb shelter at the end of their garden . see willie  s joy at what is probably his first ever birthday party thrown by tom .  br    br   not to give away the ending  but willie is adopted by tom after much struggle  and the pair begin a new life much richer for their mutual love .  br    br   in this movie  thaw and robinson are following in a long line of movies where man meets boy and develop a mutual love . see the late dirk bogarde and jon whiteley in  spanish gardener  . or clark gable and carlo angeletti in  it started in naples  . or robert ulrich and kenny vadas in  captains courageous  . or mel gibson and nick stahl in  man without a face  .  br    br   two points of interest . this is the only appearance of thaw that i know of where he sings . only a verse of a hymn  new jerusalem  but he does sing .  br    br   second  young robinson also starred in a second movie featuring  tom  in the title   tom  s midnight garden   which is based on a classic children  s novel .  
redline is a knockoff of fast  furious  without any of the redeeming qualities . it doesn  t need to have a convoluted plot with multiple twists and surprises  but it needs something  this is the equivalent of a porn film  where the storyline and dialogue consist of   seconds at the beginning and the same at the end . except that this is worse  because you don  t get your money  s worth . mind  numbingly boring  impossible race sequences  and a terrible waste of expensive beautiful cars  which almost acquire negative points for having appeared in this movie . sure  she  s hot  but who  s that desperate for an on screen female  i feel like the director sat there with a hat full of dialogue and plot snippets  and shook an  ball every time they switched scenes . no serious person who races or knows anything about it would watch this movie and enjoy the race scenes .  
this movie is awesome . sort of . it dosent really say much  or do much  but it is an awesome movie to watch because of how stupid it is . the high school is taken over by evil ms . togar that hates the one thing that all the students love  rock roll . riff randle get everyone tickets for the ramones show  and this movie peaks with a take over of the school led my riff randle  the ramones . this movie has everything  a bad script  questionable directing  bad actors  ie clint howard  p . j . soles   an awesome soundtrack  extreme campyness  these elements  much more come together to make this what it is  a classic .  br    br   note  during the live ramones set  notice that darby crash of the germs is in the front of the crowd . neat  o .  
can i please say first of all  that i felt so strongly about this movie that i signed up to imdb specifically to review it . and my review  this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen .  br    br   the synopsis of the movie sounded interesting  nazis  occult  time travel  etc .  but the movies plot failed to properly bring all these elements together . remember the episode of south park that featured manatees writing family guy using  idea balls   did these manatees also write unholy  its like the writer wanted to include all these different ideas  but had no idea how to link them all together  and then to make things make even less sense  included a donnie darko  esquire time travel theme to the ending  messing up the chronology .  br    br   i could tell from early on that this was a bad movie . special effects were too low budget for anything better than straight to dvd . the acting wasn  t great  but in fairness i  ve seen worse . i will praise the nazi paintings  they were creepy  but the evil nazi butcher guy was just comic .  br    br   i don  t have a vendetta against this movie or anything  but to be honest  i  m not even into the horror genre . but this movie cannot be described as a thriller or a drama . if this story had been well told  this would have been a good movie . but it has been over hyped . waaaaay over hyped .  
   out of   this is a truly wonderful story about a wartime evacuee and a curmudgeonly carpenter tom oakley . the boy  william beech  is billeted with tom and it is immediately apparent that he has serious issues when he wets his bed on the first night . william is illiterate and frightened but somehow the two find solace in each others loneliness . it transpires that william has a talent as an artist and we see tom  s talent as a choirmaster in an amusing rendition of jerusalem . william is befriended by zacharias wrench  a young jewish lad also from london and along with both tom and zacharias  he finally learns to read and write and to feel a part of this small close knit community . just as he is settling down  william is recalled back to london by his mother  and it is here we see why he is so screwed up . his mother is clearly mentally sick and when tom doesn  t hear from william  he travels to london to look for him . he finally finds him holding his dead baby sister where he has been tied up in a cellar . after a period in hospital  tom realises he must kidnap him and take him home with him . the climax is a bitter  sweet ending when william is told he is to be adopted by tom  while at the same time  learning his best friend zacharias has been killed in an air raid in london . for me  one of the most moving scenes was when tom was talking to a official from the home office .  br    br   i love  im  an  for what it  s worth  i think he loves me too  .  br    br   it just doesn  t get better that that does it   
you already know how painful to watch this movie is . but i wonder why one of the worst movies ever should include one the most beautiful cars . why the cars should be not only the victim of violation  but also the only true actors and performers in it . so how on earth you porsche  lamborghini or whatever could allow those people to get in touch with your cars and ruin you reputation for which you give millions . stop the getting an advantage of the cars and earn money on their chests . it is painful for those who love cars . it is painful for those who love movies .  br    br   i want my money back     
since siskel  s death and ebert  s absence the show has been left in the incapable hands of richard roeper . roeper is not a film critic he just criticizes anything he doesn  t like personally i . e . films with country music get panned because  i don  t like country music   and children  s movies get a standard  don  t see it now  wait until it comes out on dvd and rent it for your kids   roeper may well be an idiot savant  but in some other field . the weekly guests  sitting  in  for ebert fare better  but who wants to pick a daisy in the midst of a cow pat  all that said  it is the only show in town and that alone makes it worth watching . as for roger ebert  if stephen hawking can talk  so can you  it  s your mind and thoughts we long for . do whatever is necessary to get that usurper off his self  declared throne .  
okay so i went into this movie not really expecting much i figured an action flick similar to the fast and the furious . some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot . unfortunately i would have to say that this was probably the worst movie i have seen this year . don  t get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were ok but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely . the story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together . so overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend i would pass on this one for now .  
holes  originally a novel by louis sachar  was successfully transformed into an entertaining and well  made film . starring sigourney weaver as the warden  shia labeouf as stanley  and khleo thomas as zero  the roles were very well casted  and the actors portrayed their roles well .  br    br   the film had inter  weaving storylines that all led up to the end . the main storyline is about stanley yelnats and his punishment of spending a year and a half at camp greenlake . the second storyline is about sam and kate barlow . this plot deals with racism and it is the more deep storyline to the movie . the third is about elya yelnats and madame zeroni  which explains the     year curse on the yelnats family . in my opinion  these storylines were weaved together very well .  br    br   contrary to many people  s beliefs  i think that you do not have to have read the book to understand the movie . the film is reasonably easy to understand .  br    br   the acting in the film was well done  especially shia labeouf  stanley   khleo thomas  zero   sigourney weaver  the warden   and jon voight  mr . sir  . the other members of d  tent  jake smith  squid   max kasch  zig  zag   miguel castro  magnet   byron cotton  armpit   and brenden jefferson  x  ray   enhanced the comic relief of the movie . however  the best parts were with zero and stanley  who made a great team together .  br    br   although holes is a disney movie  it deals with some serious issues such as racism  shootings  and violence . the film  s dramatization at some points is very well done .  br    br   i would suggest this movie to people of all ages  whether they have read the book or not . you shouldn  t miss it .  
this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen . i was going in expecting a cheesy movie but at least with some cool car scenes  races . what i got was nothing . the racing scene are so low budget they sped them up to make it look like the cars are  going fast  in one scene a mercedes slr goes from over    to  in like  seconds by just spinning around in circles . its just ridiculous .  br    br   if you wanna see a real movie about cars  see the fast and the furious series . they may be a little cheesy  but    x better than this movie could ever hope to be . better yet just watch mischief      the best car movie ever made i think .  
  holes  is my all  time favorite movie  so far i have seen this movie three times in theaters and am looking forward to purchasing it on dvd this upcoming september . i read the book after seeing the movie and was amazed at how alike the book and movie were . the director of this film did an excellent job of re  creating the book into movie form . also  all of the actors selected to play the roles did wonderful playing their characters  especially max kasch as zigzag . props to all those involved in making this movie  it was a real success    out of   stars  i definitely recommend it for everyone to see   
this movie has some of the most awesome cars i  ve ever seen in a movie  and definitely the hottest women  but i would have to say it is still one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen .  br    br   here is the plot  and if you read it with a little inflection  you have the acting as well .  br    br   beginning  bring in characters  hot woman singing  obvious lip sync  . music agent or producer comes in  thinks that she is awesome asks her to race . she turns down  too many bad memories . flash to war hero  back from war  has several fights  and becomes movie hero with attitude that he is better than everyone . drive off in fast exotic car . brother races  then dies . hero to avenge death  cut away to getting weapons from friend .  you have never seen this friend before or after  but seems to really care about him  are you sure you want to do this yes i mean are you really sure yes  give me weapons are you really sure yes ok  i guess i can  t talk you out of it  be careful man  i love you .  br    br   now he goes to blow up his uncles house who owned the car his brother drove . finds woman  decides to rescue her  she drives off  and he doesn  t finish killing his uncle . now there will be a race to finish the movie . oh yeah  need to throw in one more scene with bad people coming in to beat up people that don  t really matter  but maybe it adds a little plot . race is not even that exciting  of course it ends with two cars racing  and one that should win throws in a surprise ending .  br    br   ok  i just saved you   .   . you can send all of your money to me  because i should have given you the same amount of enjoyment as this movie does . don  t get me wrong  the cars are awesome  and nadija is beautiful  but it is truly an awful movie .  
i have seen the movie holes and say that it has to be the best movie all year long . it brings out the child in everyone . i mean who would come up with the idea of having troublesome boys dig holes as their punishment  louis sachar thats who . although the movie was different from the book it was still very good . for example caveman  stanley was supposed to be the biggest one there . weight wise and height wise but zigzag  ricky was taller and armpit  theodore was bigger . also x  ray  rex was supposed to be one of the smallest boys but wasn  t . the only thing that i didn  t like about the movie was that the flashbacks were rather persuasive and long . i would have rather seen more of the present than past but thats just my opinion . i especially like the work of the boys though . like squid  alan who was played by jake m . smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid . jake m . smith performed just that and did a great job at it as did almost all of the actors in holes . so i would say if you havent seen holes yet then you should definatly see it when it comes out again or you  ll be missing out on a whole lotta fun .  
it was almost worth sitting through this entire god  awful  film  just to know that i can never experience anything as bad as this again . acting    script    fight scenes    male lead    cheddar bob from eight mile as a suave war hero who gets the girl   nadia bjorlin     she is gorgeous and not a terrible actress  . this is the criteria i used to average it out to a two . i lost count but i believe ever movie clich  ever  is in this movie . when the driver that supposedly killed her father miraculously shows up at the end to race against her  from out of nowhere it cemented the previous statement . plus he just shows up for no reason . he was never even mentioned before . i don  t know what else to say here . just watch it when it comes out on tv in a couple years . at least that way some of it will be edited out for commercials .  
this movie had a great ensemble of adult actors along with a cast of youthful actors that are going to be in movies for a long while if there is any justice . the directing and editing was great . i may look up the book that this was adapted from  it must have been great .  i liked it .  sigourney weaver  jon voight  and tim blake nelson were a blast to watch  henry winkler and nathan davis were not seen enough  but were fun when they were onscreen . the kids at the camp couldn  t have been better .  as i said  i liked it    
apparently hollywood is just handing out money to anyone with a camera and the ability to speak . this movie was mind numbingly bad . the casting was terrible  the acting unspeakable  and the story filled with holes . script  who needs script  i was surprised that the movie wasn  t as verbally vulgar as i thought it would be  however i got enough shots of ta to last me a lifetime . the movie was like listening to a   year old street racer with add  who decided to buy a car instead of go to college  tell a story . being so poorly scripted  i thought the two brothers in the film were lovers at first . the scenes at the racetrack  along with the main female actor in the film kept making me think of herbie fully loaded . this is the kind of film is what grindhouse modeled itself after . . . only the writers thought they were being serious .  
you got to go and dig those holes . holes only leaves troble  which makes a movie so good . disney has done it again . shia labeouf should be nominated for best actor for his performance as stanley yelnats . he has alredy won the daytime emmy for best actor in a comedy series  even stevens  . holes is one of the best movies in     .  
i registered just to make this comment  which pretty much echos some of the ones here already  the acting is worse than subpar  it expounds on commonly held stereotypes  has some of the worst displays of tasteless female objectification  all bod no brain   and has some of the cheesiest lines known to man .  br    br   including but not limited to  allright lets see what these guys can do  i should also mention that when they show the crashes involving innocent civilians  you end up feeling bad for the innocent people and start to hate the characters themselves . eddie griffin  s character is also one of the most stereotypical black guy personas that just rubs people the wrong way . he may or may not be a good actor but this movie doesn  t allow for that kind of character exploration . you want a movie that leaves the audience on the side of the bad guys  oceans   . this movie just makes you hate the bad guys instead of capturing the audience .  br    br   even the cars can  t make up for this fluke of a movie . that enzo that griffin wrecked sums up this movie perfectly . it just sucks .  
i found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting . best of all it left out the usual sex and violence  they  re getting old  inserted in many movies . the movie was well done in its flashbacks to days gone by in that area of the southwest . the acting was also superb .  
my favorite part was when the credits started to roll . i wish i could give it a .              out of   . i really wish i had that hour and thirty minutes back . don  t waste your money or time on it . i really could have watched grass grow and felt better after wards .  br    br   nadia was really pretty and i hope the movie didn  t destroy her career . but she chose to be in it .  br    br   all in all it sucked more than any other movie has sucked . more than kazaam and glitter combined . that  s saying something .  br    br   don  t  br    br   do  br    br   it      
this movie is one i strongly recommend . it  s about a boy  stanley yelnats  shia lebeouf  who is wrongly convicted of a crime and sent to camp green lake  a boys  detention center . there  he is forced to dig holes  feet deep and  feet in diamiter . while there  he meets the other boys of the camp  zero  magnet  armpit  squid  x  ray  and zigzag  . all of them are digging  not to  build charactor   but to find outlaw kate barlow  s treasure . throughout the movie  and book  stanley learns more about the past  more about himself  and more about digging holes . i give this movie a  .   because  i am very picky when it comes to books to movies   i want the movie to follow the book exactly  . but  still it did real well .  
before watching this film i had very low expectations and went to just see the cars . eventually i even regretted going for that reason . plot is almost non  existent . character development is non  existent . so many clichs and so much jaw  dropping cheesiness existed in the movie that i could only stare and wonder how it was even released . if not for the exotics  i wouldn  t have even rated this movie a  . an attempt at a coherent story line is destroyed by the sheer absurdity of this elite racing cult and the laughable characters that make up its members . in fact  the movie  s plot is so predictable and simple  minded that an average child could foretell the majority of the storyline . bad acting  bad plot  bad jokes  bad movie .  br    br   don  t see it . play gran turismo hd instead and it  ll satiate your thirst for fast sexy cars without leaving a bad aftertaste .  
holes is a wonderful film to see . it has good messages in in  such as be a good friend  never give up  etc . i highly recommend it to anyone . i still say the book is better than the movie  but the movie gives the book a run for its money . also  khleo thomas plays zero . that really adds to it     lol     
whoever wrote up  redline  as a great car movie must be getting paid off by daniel sadek to promote this ultra crappy flaming  steaming pile of amateur crap . easily the worst automotive movie or any movie ever made . this makes showgirls look like citizen kane .  br    br   take every cheesy clich out of an   s action tv series  put in some really crappy special effects and lame characters with no relevance and you have living proof that daniel sadek should not write screenplays and produce movies but should remain in the real estate business .  br    br   this is such a lame movie with such a lame plot and the most contrived action sequences ever . what offends me is not that the makers of this film are idiots but that they consider the movie going public to be idiots enough to fall for this crap .  
even if you  re not a big ramones fan  rock  n  roll high school is still the greatest rock  n  roll movie ever made . why  because under all the campiness  it treats with respect the contempt and loathing teens often feel  and justifiably so  for the boring  stupid  fascist  establishment world of adults . that final scene is one of the most glorious and uplifting final scenes to a movie i have ever seen .  mine eyes have seen the glory of the . . .  rock  n  roll   br    br    
this is a movie of tired  yet weirdly childish  clichs . there  s a nazi witch master performing sf  related experiments in the basement  oh please   br    br   aiming for a creeping sense of horror and fear  the general impression of the film is that of a very immature conception of fright . not having any expectations beforehand  i am left with an aged xander from buffy and a heroine with ape  like face who doesn  t seem to know how to act . said adrienne barbeau have i only only encountered before in the much more enjoyable  cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death  .  br    br   camera and editing adds to the general impression of lame .  
what a great movie  this is so reminiscent of the wonderful disney classic family movies of the    s and the    s . i was so pleasantly surprised  after the past   years of absolute detritus disney  s live productions crews have churned out .  br    br   this movie is an absolute joy . the child stars were just that professional  quality actors . i am most impressed with the quality of this movie .  br    br   sigourney weaver was a total sycophantic insert hyperbole here running a prison camp for wayward boys . siobhan fallon was wonderful as the star  s mother .  br    br   i won  t recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again  but the story is wonderful  the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb  this work reminds you what it  s like to be a child  without going all sugary or being too grim . the deleted scenes featured on the dvd version were truly best left deleted . they were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it . while the abuse was hinted in the finished product  it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent . it was best that way .  br    br   this was an absolutely delightful movie to watch .  br    br   it gets a     from . . .  br    br   the fiend  .  
after seeing the previews i felt that this movie was going to be a nice improvement over that fast  furious series . so  i already expected it to have a lacking storyline  but at least this time it won  t be loaded with a bunch of powerless civics with fart cans . unfortunately  i was wrong . if you could only imagine a fast  furious movie with a worse story line than by all means this movie is for you .  br    br   this is the absolute worst movie i had ever seen  i  m being nice  no i would not take baseball bat to my nuts like what others have said  . not only was the storyline non  existent  but the action was crap too . i guess the director thought that they could just throw bunch of females and exotic cars and then call it a movie . for an example  there is a point in the movie where the guy pushes the nos button and his lamborghini takes off in the air and flies over a slr mclaren to win . and after the bit where eddy griffin got in a fight with one of his  girls   an imus comment would work in this case  the girl asks to pull over and get out of the plane and of course they do in the middle of the desert . after this wonderful scene i couldn  t take it anymore . so  i only got to see half of this monstrosity . this is the first movie i had ever walked out on . afterwards  i had to stop for some drinks to kill all of my corrupted brain cells .  br    br   i gave it a  because  is not an option . you  re better off going to the local car show and stopping at a strip joint on the way home . i will keep all viewers in my prayers .  
i read holes in  th grade so when i heard they were doing a movie i was ecstatic  of course  being my busy self  i didn  t get chance to see the movie in theaters . holes was at the drive  in just out of town but  alas  we were just too busy . i was surprised to hear that all my friends had seen it and not one of them had invited me  they all said it was good but i  ve read great books that have made crappy movies so i was definately worried .  br    br   suddenly the perfect opportunity to see it came . it was out that week and my parents were going on a cruise and i was left to babysit . my sister  who is   and i watched it and absolutely loved it  i then took it to the other people i was babysitting  s house and their kids   and   liked it too . even my parents loved it and they  re deffinately movie critics . overall  i recommend this movie is for anyone who understands family morale and and loves a hilarious cast  this movie should be on your top   to see  list      
im proud to say i  ve seen all three fast and furious films . sure  the plots are kinda silly  and they might be a little cheesy  but i love them car chases  and all the beautiful cars  and the clandestine midnight races . and ill gladly see a fourth one .  br    br   wanna know what the difference is between those three and redline  decent acting  somewhat thought out plot  even if they are potboilers  and last but not least  directors who have a clue . all three were made by very competent directors  all of them took the films in a different direction  equally exciting . redline looks like the producer picked out a dozen women he slept with on the casting couch  and made them the extras  then picked up his leads from hollywood  s unemployment line . and the script . yikes . its mystery science theatre     bad . this is    s made for tv movie bad .  br    br   yeah  the movie had a few cool cars  but you don  t really get to see that many in action  and the action is directed so poorly you cant get excited by the chases  and if the cars aren  t thrilling you  why go to a movie like this   br    br   im in the audience with a bunch of teenagers  and i cant stop laughing out loud . im getting dirty looks  but this was just a debacle .  br    br   rent the ff movies . go to nascar race . go to a karting track and race yourself . whatever you do  avoid redline like bad cheese .  
  holes  was a great movie . disney made the right choice . every person who i have talked to about it said they loved it . everyone casted was fit for the part they had  and shia labeouf really has a future with acting . sigourney weaver was perfect for the warden  she was exactly how i imagined her . everyone who hasn  t seen it i recommend it and i guarantee you will  dig it  .  
based on a self  serving novel by one  time girl friend and groupie of f . scott fitzgerald  gossip columnist sheila graham wrote this trashy story . gregory peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be  drunk  or  be  damned alcoholic in contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real scott fitzgerald . focusing on fitzgerald  s hollywood writing era  late in his life  the much  honored author was  in fact  living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when aa was not yet well known . fitzgerald was none  too  proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife  in a mental hospital  and his daughter  in college  . living in a small apartment and driving a second hand chevrolet his life was    degrees different than as portrayed in this movie .  br    br   virtually every   th century  fox movie made during daryll f . zanuck  s leadership  as well as virtually every film directed by henry king  was a work of excellence . beloved infidel was the exception .  
my wife is a teacher and she is very familiar with the story  having read it to several of her classes . it never sounded all that interesting to me  though  and i bought the dvd figuring this would be a movie that wouldn  t really be up my alley .  br    br   the first half of the movie has a lot of set  up and i found myself thinking that i was right . it starts off a bit slow and i have to admit that i was a little bit bored  but curious enough to stay with it . boy  am i glad i did because this ended up being a very satisfying and rewarding movie . i would most certainly watch this again   br    br   the casting was very good . since i haven  t read the book  i can  t vouch for accuracy  but i have to say that jon voight was truly delightful . you liked the characters you were supposed to like  hated the ones you were supposed to hate  and laughed at the ones that were supposed to be funny .  br    br   i can see how some folks might not like this movie . it is tedious at times  especially in the beginning . all the flashbacks can be distracting  though they are essential to the story  . once the story starts to come together at the end  though  i think you  re paid back in spades for your patience . when all is said and done  i think this is a very good movie      .  br    br    
there is a scene in this film at about the   minute mark that is among the worst i have seen in some time . as f . scott fitzgerald  gregory peck  and sheilah graham  deborah kerr  are lounging on the beach  suddenly things become tense and sheilah begins to cry   at which point she tells her lover about her sordid past . this  dramatic scene  becomes so terribly overdone and histrionic i couldn  t help but turn to my wife and exclaim how stupid it all was . . . as dramatic music swelled on the television as it all came to a phony crescendo . no one experiences moments like this   no one . now how much of the rest of the film is true  i cannot say  but this particular moment was laughably bad and as fake as an   rolex   and leads me to assume that some of the other reviewers were correct   the film is a lot of bunk . however  i am not an expert on the life of these two people and the internet didn  t seem to clear this up  either .  br    br   just who were f . scott fitzgerald and sheilah graham and what was their relationship really like  what i do know about fitzgerald  however  does seem different from what i saw in the film . was he the suave and decent man we initially see in the film  well  considering he was married at the same time he was carrying on with graham and drank like a fish  i  d assume he wasn  t . was he as obnoxious and boorish as we later see in the film  perhaps  but if he was this bad and yet ms . graham stayed with him  then this makes her out to be a complete dummy   and not someone you  d like to see featured in a film . and  if he wasn  t  then the film does a poor disservice to his memory . either way  it made for a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience .  br    br   the sum total of this film appears to be a tale of two not particularly likable or healthy people . in a dark and salacious way  some might find this all very entertaining  but most are sure to see this as a train wreck with no surprises along the way  unpleasant but with glossy production values  especially the music  which was lovely but way over the top  it begs the question  why did they even choose to make this in the first place   . the bottom line   it  s a pretty bad film all around and probably not worth your time   even if  like me  you are big gregory peck fan .  
i found about the movie  holes  by hearing from people that it wasn  t typical disney  that both kids and adults both got into the story . folks  let me tell you i wasn  t disappointed .  holes  is based on the novel by louis sachar and follows the adventure of stanley yelnats  a boy who gets sent to a strange juvenile detention camp out in the desert . he befriends a boy nicknamed zero and together they set out on adventure that changes their lives . it was a very interesting  unique  different and funny story . i didn  t know quite what to expect when i watched it . it was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle . the boys who played the juvenile delinquents were all very funny and jon voight was just hilarious as mr . sir . now that i  ve seen the movie  i have to read the book . most recommended   
this film has all the earmarks of too many cooks spoiling the stew . based on shielah graham  s autobiography  it seems like the powers that be couldn  t leave well enough alone . they couldn  t decide if this was to be graham  s story or fitzgerald  s story  and also how much they should soft  pedal whoever  s story it turned out to be . so a film that could have been a story about two fascinating  fitzgerald  and notorious  ms . graham  personalities becomes a dreary disjointed soap opera about that tells us little about either . added to this there is absolutely no period feel other than for     . clumsy scene follows clumsy scene and we have no idea where we are in the story or how much time is passing . however  and this saved the film for me  kerr has never looked lovelier  and peck is as always a very handsome man . they truly make a beautiful  mature couple  and i only wish they had better material to work with . there is one scene that does work  scott goes after shielah while in a drunken state  and to see these two normally refined stars knock each other around is very disturbing and gives some fleeting idea of what goes on in a relationship such as theirs . other than that  the movie is a wasted opportunity and achieves nowhere near the classic stature of other wald produced soaps of the      peyton place  the best of everything  .  
more than just a  kids  movie    holes  looks at how past incidents still affect us today  whether we know about them or not . when teenager stanley yelnats iii  shia leboeuf  gets sent to a prison camp where he is forced to dig all day long  he discovers a number of things about the camp  and his personal connection to it . through flashbacks  we learn that a number of things are closer than we realize  you  ll understand this better when you see the movie  . leboeuf does a pretty good job  as do the other cast members sigourney weaver  jon voight  tim blake nelson  henry winkler  patricia arquette  and eartha kitt . a very interesting movie .  
i  m sorry but i didn  t like this doc very much . i can think of a million ways it could have been better . the people who made it obviously don  t have much imagination . the interviews aren  t very interesting and no real insight is offered . the footage isn  t assembled in a very informative way  either . it  s too bad because this is a movie that really deserves spellbinding special features . one thing i  ll say is that isabella rosselini gets more beautiful the older she gets . all considered  this only gets a   .   
holes is an awesome movie . i love it a lot and it  s one of my favorite films . it  s one of the few flicks produced by disney that isn  t cheesy . holes is generally a very cool motion picture . i wish disney would make more pictures like it . holes is indeed a rare breed of disney flicker shows that is cool . don  t get the wrong idea  i don  t mean to bad mouth disney but most of it  s stuff is aimed towards kids and that  s okay . children deserve to have their entertainment too . but disney has been guilty of trying to appeal to the teen audience and they usually fail . but not with holes . it  s the type of movie anyone of any age can watch and enjoy and not once think it  s corny . really  it  s the kind of movie that even a lot of young hoods might enjoy since there are characters in it that they can relate to .  br    br   holes does a good job of being a mix of good family entertainment but not being too cheesy and living a little on the edge . i hope disney takes more risks and makes more edgy flicks like this .  
dooohhh  my bwainn hurrrts  well it certainly does after this endurance test of a film . how on earth i managed to keep going without hitting the fast forward button lord only knows .  br    br   maybe it  s me   maybe i don  t get the premise of the film . . . or maybe i don  t appreciate it  s alleged mystical atmosphere . in my humble opinion though the film has about as much mystical atmosphere as a trip to mcdonalds .  br    br   in addition the characters were all dreadful and there is more character development in a tom  jerry cartoon . yaarrrghhh  why do i do it  why do i watch such tripe  it  s enough to make one run away and join a monastery or the foreign legion   yaargh   an absolutley dreadful film in just about every respect . apart from that it  s not to bad .  
this film is an entertaining  fun and quality film . the film very cleverly follows the guidelines if the book  and tries to stick to the exact lines . the actors are all suitable  and you would expect them to be the part . they use some famous actors which give a great effect on the film . the graphics is a bit dodgy in some parts  and there are quite a few mistakes throughout the film . there is no such thing as a yellow spotted lizard  for example . the camp is not as gruesome as explained in the book  and they tend not to show the goings on in the camp as much as the book . all of his group are mentioned a lot in the book  but are not in the film . overall  a great film for a rainy afternoon  
  st watched            out of    dir  michael almereyda   weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter  s body . at least i think that was the relationship . a kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike stephen king  s the shining . the difference is that there was campiness in nicholson  s performance that isn  t at all in this film . this is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one  liners and attempts at litening up the mood don  t work at all . the performances are not the problem here  but the story is . everything doesn  t seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film . there is a very small throwaway performance by christopher walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which  of course  gives him top  billing in an attempt to sell the film . don  t buy into this gimmick and avoid this film .  br    br    
holes       dir andrew davis   br    br   when stanley yelnats iv is wrongfully convicted of stealing  he is sent to  camp green lake  . at this camp  the warden  and her two henchman  mr . sir and dr . pendanski command the campmates to dig holes after hole after hole . but for what reason  stanley plans to find out .  br    br   i never really had any intention in watching  holes   and i must admit  i only really watched the film  because i  m such a fan of shia labeouf  but even if you are not a fan of him  then it doesn  t matter .  holes  is one of those disney film that the whole family can enjoy . the story is lovely written and incorporates a wonderful idea of including flashbacks to the past . these are not distracting and really gives a great back story . all the cast are great . the young stars act well and the addition of jon voight and sigourney weaver are a joy . shia labeouf shows that even at    he can act without any flaws . this is one disney film  you definitely would enjoy as a family .  br    br    i learn from failure .   stanley yelnats iii  henry winkler   
this is some of the worst acting i have ever seen . i love almereyda  s nadja  but this is just absolute dreck . aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material . jared harris is particularly bad  but no one in this is remotely good . the plot is a joke  but not the haha kind . i don  t even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad . please erase the last hour and a half of my life . how did this director make nadja and another girl another planet   
louis sachar  s compelling children  s classic is about as disney as freddy krueger . it  s got murder  racism  facial disfigurement and killer lizards .  br    br   tightly plotted  it  s a multi  layered  interlinking story that spans history to reveal stanley  s own heritage and the secret behind the holes . it races from latvia  s lush greenness to the pock  marked camp green lake  hint there  s no lake and no green  .  br    br   disney  s first success is re  creating the novel  s environments so convincingly  the set design is superb and without gloss . the other plus is in the casting . rising star shia labeouf  charlie  s angels   project greenlight  might not be the fat boy of the book  but his attitude is right and he  s far from the usual clean  cut hero . the rest of the cast is filled out equally well  from patricia arquette as the frontier school marm  turned  bank robber to henry winkler as stanley  s dad . the downside is the pop soundtrack  pure marketing department  and having the sentiment turned up to full volume at the end .  
i thought that i was never going to find a horror movie as bad as  the return of the texas chainsaw massacre   but this film compete with it .  br    br   im not a person that get asleep when watching a movie  but i did it   minutes after the trance started . i woke up  and started to watching it agian . why did i deserve that  all the movie was a torture  i have to use fast forward to watch it complete .  br    br   i cant stand why one of my favourites actors of all time  mr . walken  could done this thing . i have to think that he made the director a favor  or he was really in the need of money  because film after film he is doing  he is ruining himself and so fast . . .  br    br   what about the movie  its not scary  stupid plot  characters are awful  but i really liked the one played by jared harris   effects are very poor  lack of deaths  blood  etc in three words  it has anything . and i mean it . cant stand how a director can make a film like this .  br    br   anyway  when i got more disappointed was when i saw in the video cover  that the film was presented by  stephen king   i think he could never present this crap  no   i rented it in argentina  . i not recommend it in a million years .  br    br   i rate this movie with a  out of   .  as i say in my  return of the texas chainsaw massacre  review  there will be always a worse movies  thats why it dont deserves a  out of     
all the folks who sit here and say that this movie  s weak link is the ramones would probably say that amadeus was ok if not for that irritating harpsichordist . rock and roll high school was centered around the ramones . how anyone can watch this and not get a kick out of joey ramone eating bean sprouts backstage in an attempt to keep him in performing condition is obviously a wet blanket square daddy  o . ms trogar  exploding white mice  the hall patrols . . . instant classics . nevermind the riff randell character .  br    br   if you don  t like the ramones then you don  t know rock and roll and you don  t deserve to watch a movie called rock and roll high school .  
this sounded like a really interesting movie from the blurb . nazis  occult  government conspiracies . i was expecting a low budget nazi version of the davinci code or the boys from brazil or even shockwaves . instead you get something quite different  more psychological  more something like from david lynch . that was actually a plus . but the way the story is told is just awful .  br    br   part of the trouble is the casting . andrienne barbeau  s character starts off the moving being somewhat timid and afraid . she just doesn  t do that well  even at her age  though she certainly tried . the actor cast as the son apparently thought this was a comedy . most of the other actors also seemed to have thought this was a campy movie  or at least acted like it  rather than simply being quirky . the only one that i thought did really well was the daughter  siri baruc .  br    br   another big part is the pacing . it starts off very slowly . so slowly you might be tempted to turn it off . but then it gets compelling for a while when you get to the daughter  s suicide and the aftermath . but shortly afterward  it all becomes a jumbled mess . some of this was on purpose  but much of it was just needlessly confusing  monotonous  and poorly focused .  br    br   the real problem  is it  s simply not a pleasant movie to watch . it  s slow  dull  none of the characters are likable . overuse of imagery and sets . some movies you see characters get tortured . in this  it  s the viewer that does . it does have a few creepy moments  most notably the creepy nazi paintings and the credits  but the rest of the movie is mostly just tiresome .  
a disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort .  holes  doesn  t make the same mistakes as one would expect from a disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp . for the first time events are not explained in details . the flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer . i must admit that at first i was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie . but soon i realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story . besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities .  one example where caveman is forbidden to teach zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character  like learning to read won  t contribute to that  .  holes  is a movie that is smart and beautiful . a must watch   
well  when the cameo appearance of jason miller  looking even more eroded than he did in exorcist iv  is the high point of a picture  what  ve you got   br    br   it  s a little bit country  a little bit rock n  roll mix two drunks with money who drag their kid all over the place with a bog  dried mummy  have you figured that one out yet  dried in a bog   in the basement  christopher walken with a bad dye job  and a little girl who might have been an interesting character if they  d developed her .  br    br   i understand  sort of  that they  re going back to visit her relatives . after that . . . .  br    br   problem there are several interesting flashbacks to what i must assume is her mother being killed in a car bombing  i think  . this is never connected to anything .  br    br   problem what do we need the grandmother for  now  the grandmother could be interesting . she speaks gaelic  or celtic  or something . maybe you can make something of her . the best they can do is that she  s got a tobacco habit . that  s all .  br    br   problem they cast a real shifty character as the husband . is he type  cast  will he sell his wife to the devil  maybe he can look forward to the trust fund he manages for her  or is he cast against type  after all  he has a good haircut and nice clothes   he drinks  he hesitates . he  s not a bad guy . not a good one . but dislikable . why didn  t they do something with him   br    br   no problem an old boyfriend shows up . the husband knocks him down . he comes back to knock down the husband .  it gets pretty stupid  but at least that character has motivation .   br    br   now  she  s an alcoholic  he  s an alcoholic he might only have married her for her money . the grandmother is locked in the bedroom . the blind uncle takes our heroine to the basement to show her the mummy of a witch  are you following this   who may come to life . in fact  you know she  ll come to life  the music swells . a little girl lives in the house  takes tea to the grandmother  unlocks the door to do so  and provides granny with cigarettes . periodically  granny gets out . but nothing happens .  br    br   husband and wife lose the kid in the house  subsequently lose their bedroom . uncle gets his throat cut in the basement . the leading lady has nose  bleeds . the husband drinks . they both drink . in the face of all of this  the awful truth alluded to in the first over  voice is  omigod  an abortion when the leading lady was twelve years old .  br    br   in spite of all these dangling  thread ingredients  nobody managed to get a story on the screen . no bridge between situations  no graduation from mild disturbance to awful horror  just long slow scenes that go nowhere . nbody  really  to care about  and they had places to go with that aspect  the innocent kid in the charge of drunks  the grandmother who might be locked up because she  s a monster  but no  her worst fault is smoking . she  s got great hair  good makeup .  br    br   in short  no plot . just a little random  predictable  violence in a dark library  with the rain gushing in  and the sound track cuing us in . you need more than a few drunks and christopher walken to make a movie .  br    br   the production values were good . oh . nice scenery  good wardrobe . the cameraman  at least  knew what he was doing .  br    br   i bought it . poor me .  
loved the movie . loved the two families crossing paths in history . only question is if sam gets killed then how does his family  s line continue  he is madame zeroni  s son and zero is supposed to be related but no mention of any other children  hmmmmmmmmm . never mentioned any other children or wife prior to his speaking with and falling in love with the teacher  maybe she had a child prior to becoming the kissing kate bandit  even with the mistakes in the movie . just loved it . the acting was great . not sure where the story was with mr . sir being marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier . the other  counseler  did seem concerned for the kids but of course maybe not so much . poor warden must have had a really stinky childhood to be so mean when she grew up .  
a young american woman visits her irish roots and fends off a druid witch who is out to possess her . sounds intriguing but after an interesting start  i got lost and spent most of the time wondering where it was going . the movie seems to be dithering in two directions   are we watching the travails of the irish  american woman battling her alcohol problem or are we watching a straight off horror flick about an evil witch that returns from the past  the director can  t seem to decide . the two doesn  t seem to gel and in the end you get nowhere . this could be so much better done and the story seemed to drag towards the end . this was most boring and disappointing .  
this is one of my favorite films of all time . i read the book and liked it  but this movie expands on everything the book made famous . the acting is fantastic  especially from jon voight  who plays mr . sir  a very evil character . this film has a certain way of storytelling that keeps you hooked throughout  until the end where everything is pulled together for a great ending . i also love the way this is directed  by flashing back and forth between the modern day and stanley  s ancestors  stories . the story was written by louis sachar  yes  but it seems that this story is made for film  and andrew davis does a great job directing it . i definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies .  
this film takes what could have been a good idea  a mummified     year old witch and completely destroys it . nora and jim are alcoholics who go to ireland to dry  out . they go to stay with her nan and uncle . the uncle has discovered a     year old witch preserved in the peat . he revives her and she takes the form of nora . she cannot be killed conventionally   more is the pity  . nora  however  works out a way to do so .  br    br   this is a gothic horror movie that has been done on the cheap . it is a sprawling mess . i have to ask why anyone would want to make such a bad film . i am tempted to learn witchcraft in order to make it disappear .  br    br   avoid at all costs  
seriously i loved this film . . i had started to read the book and i loved it . . . the way everything was set up and everything had a purpose . . . i think this film did so well was because louis sachar wrote the screenplay . . and of course andrew davis directed it . . . shia lebouf gives a great performance for his first film . . . the storyline is very cool and interesting . . . there  s humor  heart and intensity . . . it is very similar to the book . . i find this film to be not the least bit boring . . . i absolutely loved it . . . and i encourage anyone to read the book . . all in all this film is very well put together and carefully crafted . . . two thumbs up for me in every single way  
  br    br   upon concluding my viewing of  trance   or  the eternal   or whatever the producers are calling this film  i wondered to myself   out of all of the bad movies i could have seen  couldn  t i have at least seen one that was entertaining   even if a film is not well made in terms of acting  directing  writing  or what have you  it can at least be fun  and therefore worthwhile . but not only is this film bad in artistic value  it  s incredibly boring . for a plot of such thinness  it moves awfully slowly  with little dramatic tension . at the very least  in a low  brow attempt at entertainment  the deaths of the characters could have been cool and  or gory  but the creators of this dreck failed in that department as well .  br    br   what does this movie have going for it  pretty much nothing  unless you get entertainment out of watching christopher walken  who is capable of being brilliant  put so little effort into his acting that he falls into self  parody mode  why did he decide to do this film anyway   .  br    br   i give this film      because  god help us  there actually have been worse movies made before .  
in the area of movies based off of screenplays from some other area  or whatever the title for that oscar is    holes  has credibility . i think it is better to have the author create the screenplay because the author is the creator of the material . if the author can  t write a screenplay to save their life  then have the author and someone fluently talented in the area of screenwriting create it . aside from that  this review is about  holes  .  br    br   the reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found within .    louis sachar is an excellent author and it turns that he can write a screenplay . i watched the movie and then read the book and both didn  t reek incoherence or stupidity . some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums .    the best performance award goes to shia labeouf for his portrayal as the main character . he  dug  himself into the role . i wanted to see his character vindicated before the conclusion .    to ratchet up the suspense a bit  andrew davis was brought in . this is the man that made harrison ford run hard and run fast . he also can make steven seagal smash some heads . as for this film  he made shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes . in other words  he can make an  action  packed  movie and make it well even if  action  isn  t the main genre isn  t  action  .    my second favorite performance goes to jon voight as mr . sir . sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer . when voight uttered the line  once upon a time . . .   i must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny . he is capable of comedy and he should investigate a few more roles that let him to exercise that talent .    tim blake nelson is very solid whenever he is given a solid script . this is probably the second best role i have seen him in  second only to  o brother where art thou    .    i love the choice of settings for the movie . i didn  t know california was that dry or that barren . i guess population and land area figures both can be misleading .    the overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water . one could only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day .    the rest of the cast should deserve a box of kudos bars as well . sigourney weaver  henry winkler  khleo thomas  jake m . smith and the rest of the bill were tapped because of their talents and it gelled very well . great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble .    i like a movie that doesn  t explain anything right away . when stanley got clocked in the head with those baseball cleats  it made me want to see how weird the events could get and that is a key ingredient in making a good movie .     disney pictures  not touchstone  disney    needs to make a few more of these mature juvenile films . it was palatable for me and i am a college student . the last mature juvenile disney film i saw was  something wicked this way comes  and  holes  possibly exceeds it  like the election in      it  s still to close to call  . disney can make greatness if they decide to expand on this genre and keeps artistry in mind over milking a cash cow when they see it . ten reasons give a score of ten   br    br   all in all   holes  is one of my favorite disney films and probably one of the best this year  granted this movie may not be oscar material but whoever said oscar material is the best material   . in terms of being a movie from a book i have read  this ranks behind  fight club  on my list  which is on top  . for being a film i saw in      this is in the top five  somewhere behind  mystic river   . compared against  harry potter   stanley yelnats easily takes a shovel to harry  s head and brings the final death blow with a smelly sneaker to potter  s nose . everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains . here ends my rant   
this movie is more deceiving than ever  using a suspenseful looking actor like walken to play in this piece of junk made it look like he had nothing better to do than play a boring role like this one  and the fact that the movie was supposed to be about some witch and you really don  t see that until almost the end of the movie but meanwhile you have to sit and watch this boring film while it gets  or tries to get to the meaning of the point and you have to go through this whole trail of boring actors and actresses thinking the whole time of how you passed off another movie and decided on this one and how you have just waisted your money just makes the whole point of time useless sitting there . i  d rather watch cartoons for goodness sakes . leave this one alone  please   
i recorded this ages ago but only got round to watching it today . i have been ill so had run out of stuff to watch  i am so glad i saw it  and which i could erase my memory and watch i again for the first time . this movie is so wonderful  it reminded me very much of fried green tomatoes at the whistlestop cafe .  br    br   the story goes back in time and at the end of the movie we see what the connections are . some people have said this is a kids movie . i disagree  it may be made by disney and many characters are children  but i am   and i loved it  there were moments when my spine tingled . the story is unlike any other film these days  full of adventure . i have just ordered the book from amazon  can  t wait   
this is a total waste of money . the production is poor  the special effects are terrible . in my country they had the courage to put this film on video named as  the mummy  because of the success of brendan frasers film . im sure that you can find better horror movies .  
holes  the novel  was forced on me in an education course . i didn  t think i would like a children  s novel plus  the other couple of books i was forced to read for the class were really bad . but  to my surprise  i absolutely loved holes . it really is one of the most perfectly written novels i  ve ever read . i think it has the rare quality that makes it appeal to pre  teens  teenagers  and adults . everyone who reads it  i think  will walk away a better person . while i can  t quite say that for the film  i am happy to say that they got it mostly right . i don  t think viewers of the film will walk away as enriched  but they will certainly be entertained  without the side effect of being stupider when they sat down . it is an intelligent story  and it  s very well told . i think it moves a tad too quickly . the novel takes more time in developing the characters . and the flashbacks come in and out so quickly that they don  t have too much time to register . the interracial romance in the past feels more clich and trite than it does in the novel . and the ending  which ties together all the loose threads  seems very ridiculous . it  s exactly the same in the novel  but there  s a sense of the absurd that doesn  t quite exist in the film . it works a lot better . i also don  t like the multitude of pop songs . i wish disney didn  t feel it such a necessity to sell soundtracks . the cast is across  the  board excellent  from the young kids to the old pros . jon voight is especially great . not quite sure why we need catwoman and the fonze  though .     .  
this movie could have been very good  but comes up way short . cheesy special effects and so  so acting . i could have looked past that if the story wasn  t so lousy . if there was more of a background story  it would have been better . the plot centers around an evil druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines . the movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything  it just keeps plodding on . christopher walken has a part  but it is completely senseless  as is most of the movie . this movie had potential  but it looks like some really bad made for tv movie . i would avoid this movie .  
i couldn  t keep from commenting after reading the very short  not bad  commentary . this movie is much better than just not bad . the acting is stellar  even from the children in the cast  who don  t play cute or anything else but act just like my son  s friends . the movie is smart and expects it  s audience to be as well . the double back flash story lines are imaginative and contribute to the story rather than act as time filler . i watched this movie with my kids and then i watched it again by myself a few days later . if you have kids and are sick to death of movies that inspire a diabetic coma with their syrupy sweetness  then check out  holes .  my   year  old enjoyed it as much as my    year  old  and my husband and i enjoyed it as much as the two of them . how many movies can you say that about   
saw a trailer for this on another video  and decided to rent when it came out . boy  was i disappointed  the story is extremely boring  the acting  aside from christopher walken  is bad  and i couldn  t care less about the characters  aside from really wanting to see nora  s husband get thrashed . christopher walken  s role is such a throw  away  what a tease   
and i  m serious  truly one of the most fantastic films i have ever had the pleasure of watching . what  s so wonderful is that very rarely does a good book turn into a movie that is not only good  but if possible better than the novel it was based on . perhaps in the case of lord of the rings and trainspotting  but it is a rare occurrence indeed . but i think that the fact that louis sachar was involved from the beginning helped masses  so that the film sticks close to the story but takes it even further . this film has many elements that make it what it is  br    br    . a unique  original story with a good mix of fun and humour  but a mature edge .  . brilliant actors . adults and kids alike  these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines with enthusiasm and style without going overboard  as sometimes happen with kids movies .  . breathtaking scenery . and it doesn  t matter if it  s real or cgi  the setting in itself is a masterpiece . i especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view .  . a talented director who breathes life into the book and turns it into technicolour genius . the transitions in time work well and capture the steady climax from the book  leading up to the twists throughout the film .  . louis sachar  the guy who had me reading a book nonstop from start to finish so that i couldn  t put it down . he makes sure that the script sticks to the book  with new bits added in to make it even better .  . and speaking of the script  the one  liners in this are smart  funny and unpatronising . but there are also parts to make you smile  make you cry  and tug at your heartstrings to make you love this story all the more .  . beautiful soundtrack . there  s not a song in this film that i haven  t fallen for  and that  s something considering i  m supposed to be a punk  rocker . the songs link to the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film . if you  re going to buy the film  i recommend you buy the soundtrack too  especially for  if only   which centres around the story and contains the chorus from the book .  br    br   i do not work for the people who made holes  by the way  i  m just a fan  plugging my favourite film and giving it the review it deserves . if you haven  t seen it  do it . now . this very instant . go   
the writer came up with a pretty decent idea for a story  but many flaws in the execution of the plot took so much away from the film as to nearly render it unwatchable . basic elements such as character development were glossed over  at best . inconsistencies also reared their ugly heads . a massive mansion in the middle of the rural irish countryside  characters just  showing up  in the gardens during a stormy night  at very convenient times  i might add   all in all it wasn  t  bad  . i rated it a   based mostly on the story and talent of alison elliott .  
typically   kids  films have some annoying quality to it that makes it way too sappy and unbearable for someone over   . but then again  that  s before holes hit the scene . sure  it has the very same moments that often times give a kids movie its aforementioned quality  but this film does a good job of staying away from such conventions . the acting was decent  and the uneasy dynamics that stanley had with some of the other campers was more realistic than what most movies seek to portray . what i especially liked about this movie was the fact that this film didn  t try to break your heart or make you cry . the emotional power was a little more natural than most would imagine  kind of like the shawshank redemption in many ways  which holes also has a similar  redemptive ending to it  . the only down side  the hokey looking lizards . overall  however  an     .  
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . however  the little slave girl  alice and jared harris imitating christopher walken is what makes this movie entertaining . alice  s smoking  drinking and uncanny way of showing up when her name is called is strange and interesting . i have to applaud jared for his christopher walken imitation  and christopher walken for allowing this to be in the movie .  
hello . this movie is . . . . . . . well . . . . . . . okay . just kidding  its awesome  it  s not a block buster smash hit . it  s not meant to be . but its a big hit in my world . and my sisters . we are rockin  rollers . go ramones     this is a great movie . . . . . . . . . . . . . . for me   
this movie is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . there is absolutely no storyline  the gags are only for retards and there is absolutely nothing else that would make this movie worth watching . in the whole movie fredi  oh my god what a funny name . ha ha  doesn  t ask himself once how he came from a plane to middle earth . there are plenty of stupid and totally unfunny characters whose names should sound funny . e . g .  gandalf is called almghandi  sam is called pupsi . . . and so on . i didn  t even smile once during the whole movie . the gags seem like they were made by people whose iq is negative . if you laugh when someone  s coat is trapped in the door  this happens about  times  then this movie is perhaps for you . another funny scene they try to guess the code word for a closed door  don  t ask why  don  t ever ask  why  in this movie  and the code word is  ha ha   dung . so if you laughed at this examples you might like this movie . for everybody else go to youtube and watch  lord of the weed   it  s a lot  lot more fun .  
holes is not your average disney stuff  it  s very  very fun  even for adults who usually cringe at the cutesy  focus  group designed  family entertainment  that uncle walt  s studio passes off as live  action . perhaps the secret of this film  s success is in its faithfulness to the original book  which is a little bit darker than your average kid stuff . the action begins when stanley yelnats is sent to a boys  prison camp  where all the inmates are forced to dig holes under the desert sun as a form of rehibilitation . but as the story progresses  stanley  s tale becomes interwoven with that of a legendary treasure  and this adventure becomes ten times more fun than any disney movie about an all  boy prison camp has any right to be . jon voight is especially nasty and colorful  and sigourney weaver is beautiful  as always .  
yikes did this movie blow . the characters were weak  the plot weaker . i figured this couldn  t be too bad because it has christoper walken  oops . he must have done this because he was bored and needed the money . the characters were supposed to be irish but noone had an irish accent . i am desperately trying to find something nice about this  i can  t except walken did a fine job with a wooden character . find something to read  or watch discovery  don  t ever see this movie .  
holes is a fable about the past and the way it affects the present lives of at least three people . one of them i will name  the other two are mysteries and will remain so . holes is a story about stanley yelnats iv . he is unlucky in life . unlucky in fact characterizes the fates of most of the yelnats men and has been since exploits of stanley iv  s no good  dirty  rotten  pig  stealing  great  great  grandfather .  those particular exploits cursed the family  s men to many an ill  fated turn . it is during just such a turn that we meet stanley iv . he has been accused  falsely  of stealing a pair of baseball shoes  freshly donated to a homeless shelter auction  by a famous baseball player . he is given the option of jail  or he can go to a character building camp . i  ve never been to camp before   says stanley . with that the judge enthusiastically sends him off to camp green lake .  br    br   camp green lake is an odd place  with an odd philosophy  if you take a bad boy  make him dig a hole every day in the hot sun  it will turn him into a good boy .  we learn this little pearl of wisdom from mr . sir  john voight  one of the camp  s counselors .  we get the impression right away that he is a dangerous man . he at least wears his attitude honestly he doesn  t think he is nice . the camp  s guidance councilor  mr . pendanski  tim blake nelson  is a different matter entirely . he acts the part of the caring sensitive counselor  but he quick  quicker than anyone else in authority to unleash the most cruel verbal barbs at his charges . the warden has a decided capacity for meanness  but other than that she is a mystery . these three rule camp green lake  a place that has no lake . it is just a dry dusty desert filled with holes  five feet deep and five feet wide . its local fauna  seem only to be the vultures  and dangerous poisonous yellow  spotted lizards . green lake seems is  in many ways  a haunted place .  br    br   holes works in spite of the strange setting  and the strange story  because it understands people . specifically because it is honest in the way it deals with the inmates of camp green lake . the movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly . it captures the way boys can bully each other  they way they can win admiration  the way they fight with one another  and the way boys ally themselves along the age line . it is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film believable . what is also refreshing about this film the good nature of its main character . he does not believe in a family curse  he is not bitter about the infamous exploits of his no good  dirty  rotten  pig  stealing  great  great  grandfather .  in fact he loves hearing the story . stanley iv is not bitter about the past  and determined not let it affect him in the way it has affected his father and grandfather . there is at times a lot of sadness in the film  but not a lot wallowing angsty silliness . and that is refreshing .  br    br   holes is an intelligent  insightful and witty family movie . it entertains  and not in any cheap way . it is not a comedy  though it has its laughs . it dares to be compelling  where many family movies tend to play it safe and conventional . as such it transcends the family movie genera and simply becomes a good film that everyone can enjoy . i give it a   .  
this film seems to be completely pointless . there is no reason why anything that happens in it happens  as if it was written by a small child who got bored halfway through and thought  how can i wrap this up   . and what were jared harris and christopher walken thinking  did they do it for a bet  i couldn  t tell you the plot  i  m not entirely sure there is one to be quite frank  but if there is it didn  t register . jared and his bird go to ireland after she falls down the stairs while lashed up  as you do . they go to a house with a very annoying small girl in it  meet christopher walken who has dug up some ancient woman preserved in peat . he brings her back to life for no other reason than it continues the story and she shows her gratitude by immediately icing him . from then on it all gets a bit silly . a couple of hours of my life that i  d like back   
gruveyman   comment below  you are a complete idiot . . . blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to . its that whiny arrogance  that you are ironically claiming the film exudes about sf  that makes you seem like such the typical la ahole  the only reason you felt the film was so self congratulatory about sf is because you are jealous . of course you don  t know it because you are so la jaded . first of all the film was completely factual about a beautiful city what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals . it says nothing bad about la and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city over la . they recognize that they went to film school in la and are obviously proud of that fact . they recognize that sf is close to la which is a benefit . the only negative thing that was said that relates to la  was about the studio executives . the same studio executives that hated these guys movies when they first saw them  but then those same movies went on to be huge world  wide grossing films . so why wouldn  t they have animosity towards the studio executive establishment and studio system  these are the only people they are trying to  disassociate from  and for good reasons  don  t be so sensitive  how can you say that francis ford coppola is the  so called  san francisco director  how is he not to be considered that  and who directed the godfather  coppola did . it was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it a best picture award . so what who gave him the job  he admits it in the documentary that he didn  t even want to do the movie . . . . so what  s your point  and so what if sophia wants to live in la  and that proves your point how  and tell me how they are not truly independent when they are funding a lot of their own movies . movies that are now considered classics . and  when they made movies from studio funding  one  it was la that came to them and said we want you to make these pictures and two  they used the money that they made from doing these pictures to fund their own . they said exactly that in the film .  br    br    your bitchy and self congratulatory whining would take on an air of greater self respect and credence if you never set foot on the ground you so claim to be superior to in this film .   br    br   how the hell can  bitchy  ness  and  self  congratulation  suddenly have an  air  of self respect and credence . . . . if they never go to la again  what a stupid and senseless comment  you inserted some big words in there . . . . and just don  t know how to use them  and  by the way  they never claimed nor implied they were superior to la  so what if they are giving a guy from new york an award in la . . . . again what the hell is your point  so if they go to la or new york they are hypocrites by simply preferring to live in sf  you make no sense .  br    br   san francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today . this film just focused on one aspect . . . film  making . for you to take the time and type up such nasty comments about the city  not the movie  but the city and its people  only proves what it is we northern californians hate about people from la  this is a great documentary . . . very interesting  especially if you are from the bay area . . . but i recommend it to anyone .  
a good cast and they do their best with what they  re given  but the story makes no sense  the characters  actions are inexplicable  and there are too many moments of unintentional humor  as when a man is killed by being pierced with pieces of a phonograph record or when they get the witch drunk to a hip hop beat and then hit her over the head with a bottle and she grabs her hostage and pouts off . the scene when the two witch and her victim  played by the same actress  are in the house together sets up like a  stooges routine  and the plot begs the question if the witch wants to possess this other woman  s soul  why doesn  t she just do it instead of leading these people on this elaborate chase  not to be missed is christopher walkin  s eyeglasses and his automotive explanation of the afterlife  paraphrased    the ancient egyptianas  they wee materialists . they expected the body to last through eternity  like a used car that you souped up . but the druids  they knew you couldn  t drive in the afterlife . you had to get out and walk .  huh  the ending is absolutely indecipherable . seems like they just ran out of film .  
i just watched the documentary  fog city mavericks  on the starz cable tv network . it is without a doubt  one of my most enjoyable viewing experiences ever  it chronicles the san francisco bay area artists and creative talent responsible for the some of the best films ever made . in addition to the well  known artists listed  t also includes segments with irvin kershner  caleb deschanel and a segment about pixar animation studios . i hope it will be released on dvd  this is a must for any collection about cinema history and brilliant film  making . if you are even remotely interested in movies and the people who create them  you will not be disappointed .  
i hate plane crash movies . . . all of them  in fact  i hate them all with a passion  first of all  they are cheap  looking and have no craftsmanship  secondly  they insult the airline industry and say to the audience that all planes do is . . . fall out of the sky and crash   br    br   why i wince at such a film  this could happen to any of us and with worser consequences than those suffered by the characters in said movie . . . which is the only chilling aspect of an airline disaster yarn such as this . i hate this movie because it  s like all the           stupid  ass airplane chaos movies before it  freefall is like all the others nothing more than boredom before the clichd bullshit dramatic scenes take place .  br    br   first  off we have same cast of retards on this flying death trap the cleaver  esquire family of three  the yuppie baastard  and the bitch of a flight attendant complete with a big blond hairdo from     scolding anyone who is the least bit frightened   br    br   my second gripe is this shouldn  t be a full  length movie  but a documentary explaining everything about the air canada  gimbli glider  incident a . k . a  freefall  right down to the safety precautions .  br    br   my third and final gripe is with all airline films of this caliber  with the exception of fearless  why the hell did the male steward instruct the passengers to remove there shoes   i could understand high heels and sharp  loose objects  but c  mon   like that  s gonna  make them any more fking safer than they are now  this plane if they  the passengers  didn  t know any better knew they were going to crash land . why would you force    injured people down a rubber slide that can cause skin to peel and bleed on impact only to walk in their stocking feet on a debris field  does this make any sense to anyone   br    br   fearless and the hit abc series  lost  had more depth and realism to air disaster than just  plane malfunctions  people panic  stewards become assholes  plane lands without wheels in a field  people wander without shoes and jackets  etc . the same old crap from airport      freefall was so typical of a air  crash movie that i almost expect to see either charlton heston or peter graves burst into the damn passenger cabin at any moment . could we at least see how these poorly  acted characters go back to normalcy instead of people rejoicing amidst the impending tragedy that is staring in front of them  typical moronic lifetime movie  cheap and stupid   br    br   the director of  freefall  should stick to cheap made  for  tv movies with white middle  aged women with stupid teenage kids who do drugs and have marital problems . as for suspense . . . leave it to the professionals . . . you hack  why should we the audience sit through over an hour and a half of this airport wannabe rehash . i hope to god they don  t make plane crash movies like this anymore . if this were like the abc series  lost  then it would be something to watch . but this is utter crap and then some . stop turning every plane disaster movie into  airport       this is not  airport  this is cheap pathetic waste of my time . i would not recommend this movie or any made  for  tv air disaster movie to anyone not even my worst enemies .  
i drove from sacramento to san francisco  and back  to see this movie premiere   and really glad i did . as a big movie fan and a life  long northern californian  i was surprised how many oscar  winning films have been made in the bay area . as a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the bay area as opposed to going to la  george lucas  comments about persistence  community and having a vision really resonated with me .  br    br   hey  if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in sf  so can other artists .  br    br   would recommend this film  
i wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definately rules this movie is aweful  from the acting to the non  realistic animation to the countless errors . i was actually hoping that the flaps would have been extended by a stretch of the imagination  can  t extend flaps without engines  . the landing gear cannot be lowered unless you have electricity . that tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear . the one thing i thought was quite peculiar is when they landed  the back wheels touched down and then the nose one broke off  thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air . how did the captain apply left and right brakes to tires that weren  t touching the ground  did they forget the spoilers  word to the director find out all you can about planes before attempting a  plane  movie . sorry for the technical rant  but i give this movie     .  
this film is brilliant  it touches everyone who sees it in an extraordinary way . it really takes you back to your youth and puts a new perspective on how you view your childhood memories . there are so many layers to this film . it is innovative and absolutely fabulous   
this may have been based on historical events  and we know that the makers of this tv docu  drama took liberties to make it more dramatic  i can live with that  but it was just so badly done  i was amazed in the event of an unfolding mid  air crisis how calm everyone seemed  surely someone would have panicked  and what a smooth flight  no passenger discomfort apparent  come on  not sure about the regulations  nowadays some of the airline security stuff seems ott nonsense  but why take your shoes off before the emergency landing  common sense tells me this is not a good idea  the shots of this massive airliner coming down on this remote airstrip were unconvincing and fake . in reality it would have been an awesome sight viewed from the ground nearby  in this movie it was out of proportion and looked like the model it probably was . escape slides appeared at the front and mid emergency doors  yet nobody appeared to exit from the front  even though the drop was much less . the captain went back into the plane after the landing  why  this was never explained . we know the emergency landing was due to being out of fuel  but even so there must have been some fuel sloshing around at the bottom of the tanks  and the risk of explosion must have been a very real danger  yet the evacuation seemed almost leisurely  and everyone stands around at the foot of the escape slides instead of getting as far away as possible  as i am sure i would have done . there were just too many inconsistencies  errors and faked action in this . i would have preferred to have seen a representation of the drama in real time  and with realistic motion of the plane portrayed . it had the potential to be quite thrilling  but doubtless due to the budget restrictions failed  and made one feel that a plane losing all engines was no big deal really  and you would safely glide down to a bit of a bumpy landing  but no real danger   the reality of course being somewhat different   
ok  you want to test somebody on how comfortable they are with their adolescence and the embarrassing and maniacal changes therin  then get their immediate reaction from watching this uproarious doc about kids making socially relevant horror flicks in the suburban    s . more than any movie i has ever seen  the film deals with burdening sexuality and ego in a way that is completely human  never dull  and flushed in the kind of inherent goodness of youth that is discolored by the fear  frenzied adult world where any quirk in youth is accredited to anything from insanity to perversion . mini  mogul darren stien seems to be reaching for a deeper understanding of his triumphs and misgivings as the patriarch of strict kid  s world . what he finds in himself and others isn  t always pretty  but shows how one can improve and reconcile with age . what does change mean without reflection . i love this movie .  
i have nothing more to say but it was awful . i cannot imagine why helen mirren and others were part of this degrading mess . and if certain actors don  t want people to question their sexuality then perhaps they should refrain from making more of these films . there was at least one seen that left me curious . just my opinion . shudder to think what was going on that was cut from the film . shudder to wonder what went through the minds of the actors who made this film . shudder to think about the thought process and voyeurism that went on in the directors mind . like i stated before its a degrading mess . its not even funny . as ebert said of the film caligula with malcolm mcdowell  its not a good film  not a good story and its not even good porn . yeeshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . . . . . . . . . . . .  
i was so entertained throughout this insightful documentary  and i waited a good while for this to come through the pipes  my local video chain   and it was worth the wait . i like a good documentary  special interest piece  but this was definitely a heartfelt  honest  and nostalgic  if you will  look back on adolescent life . the imagination of a child is fascinating  and that  s where a great story begins . rent it or buy it if you like a good  humorous  and all around entertaining documentary . mr . stein and company have definitely come a long way from neighborhood video camcorder productions of bank hold  ups  and gay  rings that turn people gay from one glance . they all seem rather successful in they  re respectful fields  and it was good to know that they are all still good friends . the dvd has a few extra trailers for other good documentaries  and it features a number of darren  s most notable productions  including  crazy news .  
being that i loved the original  caligula  even with all its flaws  i have to say this remake trailer was abysmal .  br    br   listening to jovovich say in that lazy american accent  mmm cuhligyooluh . . .  makes me feel sick . the set doesn  t look roman at all . . . it looks like some rich actor  s hollywood mansion backyard  and the roman costumes look like cheap crap you buy at a suburban costume shop .  br    br   that  charming  adriana asti looks like a fifty year old hispanic woman totally terrified out of her mind  as if not knowing it  s a movie trailer .  br    br   the acting has got to be some of the worst i  ve ever seen  with most of the lines i hear being random actors screaming  caligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa          as loudly and obnoxiously annoyingly as they can .  br    br   the random sex scenes also filled a good   or    of the trailer  and the scenes with notable actors  actresses like gerard butler  who graces the screen in shadows for all of three and a half seconds  not doing anything but looking uncomfortable or going all  out over the top with their minimal lines  just dragging it down with the ridiculousness of their delivery .  br    br   courtney love  s part consists of her looking like her usual dumpy crack  whore self leaning against a door mumbling about the moon or something . you can  t tell because she  s either drunk or high or just mumbling idiotically .  br    br   karen black is just annoying . . . randomly laughing  and screaming in such a way that irritates you .  br    br   helen mirren . . . she was in the original  and her return to  caligula  consists of . . .  caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa                i particularly  love   and by love  i mean hate  ennia  s line   caligola . . . j   no maki me something incoherent . . . . something that sounds like j   nalo  it  s also insanely arrogant to say caligula  s four year reign was greater than jesus  s birth and death .  br    br   honestly  this has got to be the worst  most exploitative  self  indulgently arrogant piece of crap labeled as  art  i  ve ever seen . even if gore vidal hated the original caligula  he shouldn  t have shown up or given his name over for this crap  pile  no matter how much they paid him  unless it was a billion trillion yen  . worst trailer ever .  
put the camera on me is a deceptively cute film . it is actually a complex glimpse at the psychology of children and offers interesting insights into the development of adults and an artist . on the surface this is a nostalgic look at some home movies made in the    s by a group of upper class neighborhood kids . one of the film  s directors  darren stein  had access to a video camera and quickly took over as the artistic leader for all of the movies . sure  these are just some cute kids having fun . but  this is also much more . this is a look into some moments in time as children grapple with a number of confusing issues that all of us face in life    fear  sexual awakening  unrequited love  loneliness and just trying to make sense of the adult world which seems to explode all around us . as we get older we tend to forget how overwhlelming the realities of life were when we were little .  br    br   what makes this film all the more valid is to watch a young darren stein turn into a little general of a filmmaker . it is clear that darren is running this show and these little movies are his vision but they are all informed by his friends  their problems  the interpersonal dynamics and the general confusion regarding the horrors of adult life . a lot of children make home movies  but i  ve never heard of or seen children create  little  movies about the holocaust  homosexuality  nuclear war and the inability to fit in and make friends . these kids are confronting and dealing with some heavy stuff   br    br   the power of this film is the way stein and shell pull various scenes together so tightly with running interviews with the kids    all now adults and all still friends . this adds a new angle to the film . how many of us have stayed in touch with our childhood friends  these guys have . and  many of the issues with which they were dealing are still running between them two decades later .  br    br   among the conflicts   a confession of a crush reveals a heart still broken  a very normal childhood sexual experience continues to be a  sticky  subject between two of the men  some ongoing resentments over the dynamics of relationships and there is still a member of this team who remains very much in charge and in center stage  which makes perfect sense as one watches these home movies progress over the course of a couple of years . darren stein is a director . no doubt about it .  br    br   stein and shell take turns chatting with each other from time to time and one can  t help but imagine the awkwardness of allowing us to peek into the young lives of these people . this is particularly true for stein who has gone on to a great deal of success in the entertainment industry as a film producer  writer and director . from the first moment of put the camera on me we can see the emergence of a gay little boy trying to figure it all out . we also see sides of the artistic mind and personality that are not always  nice  or  caring     and  this is a bold move for any artist to share with an audience .  br    br   there are so many revealing moments  but the most disturbing and complex moments involve a movie in which we see a jewish concentration camp victim being tortured and killed by a nazi . we discover thru interviews and narration that the nazi is played by a jewish child and the part of the victim is played by a gentile child . it is a painfully disturbing moment that glimpses into the darker side of fear and the way children work thru the horrors of the adult world that are beyond adult understanding much less that of a child .  br    br   this is much more than some home movies . this documentary captures the pain  beauty  joy and sadness of growing up . powerful stuff    and well worth seeing   br    br     
overrated and only for those people in their    s whom wear particularly thick rose tinted glasses  who never actually saw it in the first place because they were to young . awful animation  dialogue and a tired narrative . a real product of the    s  the novel gimmick of a puzzle toy  thats right  toy not the absurd  pretentious and child alienating  collectors action figurine    sold on the back of a poor cartoon and other paraphernalia  only matters to those who bought the toy when they were  actual  children in the period of     to     . it has become cult because of those same adults are to immature to let go of their memories . avoid .  
it brings to mind the writings of stephen king and the remembered childhoods filled with terror from stories like it  as the exact opposite . there is no terror in these childhoods that any of the friends  who are still friends   years up the line  remember or seem to suffer from . up the line all is described as friendly jostling  maybe periodically described as  picking on  one or more of them  but all is forgiven . there is no angst embedded as the film and the participants in later life describe the relationships  all we see are young people having grown up to be basically the same persons . more mature  but basically still the same people  and the same power structures .  br    br   totally amazing  not just for the fact that people can in fact grow up relatively unharmed by social conventions  but also that friendships can in fact last . in this respect this movie is a tiny pearl  as one assumes this has been the intent of the film a portrait of unforced emotions binding people together . which  when seen in opposition to films of later years portraying the dark sides of childhood  the violent inhibitions in bowling for combine is what easily springs to mind  but since mid    ies along with the growing adoration of children and childhood  accompanied by     s of commercials  animations and series directed straight at children  several movies and documentaries have had success with portraying the dark sides of growing up  the abuse  the loneliness  the push to excel  resulting in adults with dark and twisted minds .  br    br   and here comes a film  that says it is possible to have a happy childhood  look  a  here   br    br   thank you for that . or the counterweight illusion . . .  br    br        
no matter how well meaning his  message  is  this film is a terribly made trainwreck  awful acting  lame camera work  i do not know why carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter  he is lousy at it . you watch the extras on the dvd and the way he has a camera follow him around  he just soaks it up  he loves being the center of attention . he is a bad actor  he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker  eric schaffer . some how carr has had this film shown at city youth centers and new age churches  where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them and maybe it did  but as a film itself it is choppy  predictable and sappy .  
huge ramones fan . i do like the ramones  and i suppose if you hate them  then  besides being a avid bush supporter  you might not like this classic .  br    br   it  s immensely better than the sappy john hughes teen films and the like that littered the    s . infinitely better than the american pie  s that plague us now .  br    br   there are some other great high school films switchblade sisters  fast times . . .  class of     three o  clock high  and the cheesy yet gripping  doesn  t seem possible  river  s edge . but rnrhs will always be my favorite because it  s the funniest and most fun  plus you can get up and dance with it .  br    br   i love you  riff randell .  br    br         
it was meant to be a parody on the lotr  trilogy . but this was one of the most awful movies i  ve ever seen . bad acting  bad screenplay  bad everything . this is my personal opinion . i don  t doubt any second that there are people who  ll like this sense of  humor   but there have been better parodies on movies from acclaimed directors as mel brooks or the zucker brothers . i  m working in a movie theater and in dvd shop and the success for this movie was similar in both areas at the movies it was a nice  but no big at all  success during the first two weeks but then  when the reviews of those who have seen it were not too good  the movie dropped very fast . in dvd sales it was good for short time but then nobody asked for it anymore . in the last ten years  the two worst movies i  ve seen are the ring thing and torque . i can  t decide which one was worse  but i  m happy that there a so many good movies so i don  t have to think too much on this question .  
twisted  bizarre  enchanting  and hilarious  i couldn  t stop laughing watching this film . darren stein presents the movies he made on the family camcorder growing up in southern california in the      s . it  s an interesting look at a budding filmmaker and his motivations and ability to manipulate for the camera . manipulation is a strong word  however don  t we all watch movies to be manipulated in some way or another   br    br   from the beginning  i was amused at the fact that the boys in the films seemed to appear shirtless whenever possible . later  darren comments about his budding homosexuality  and you can see it from the hints  big hints   of flamboyance at an early age . maybe it was just the warm southern california weather  who knows  as a gay man who also grew up in a nurturing environment  it  s great to see that his parents supported and loved him  and that his friends seemed to be entranced with his nascent talent behind the lens .  br    br    put the camera on me  offers a look back to the    s untouched by commercialism . you  ll remember the hair  the music  and the fashions . i  m the same age as mr . stein  so the trip back to memory lane was welcome . his solo lip  syncing dance number is priceless  enhanced by the frankie goes to hollywood t  shirt .  br    br   the films deal with dark themes at time . child abuse  the holocaust  nuclear war  sexual fantasy  and social dysfunction . no childhood is completely carefree  and the way stein deals with these subjects is interesting to say the least  and hilarious to behold .  br    br   watch at your earliest convenience   
this is a bigger budgeted film than usual for genre director honda  with more evidently elaborate sets   though the special effects still have that distinctive cheesiness to them  witness the giant bats and rodents on display  . it also utilizes a surprising number of american actors joseph cotten playing the visionary scientist looks ill  at  ease and frail  but  then  his character is supposed to be    years old    an innocuous richard jaeckel is the photographer hero while  as chief villains  we get cesar romero and patricia medina  both essentially campy  . as i  ve often said  i grew up watching english  language films dubbed in italianbut hearing hollywood actors in japanese is another thing entirely   br    br   latitude zero feels like a juvenile version of a typical jules verne adventure  and is fairly entertaining on that level indeed  it  s preferable to honda  s low  brow variations on the monsters  on  the  rampage formula because of the inherent quaint charm of the set  up in this case . the plot involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist by romero  he was intended to establish himself in the underwater  technologically advanced city devised by cotten  to which the world  s foremost minds are being recruited  . we  re treated to plenty of silly battles between the rival subs  but the most amusing scenes are certainly the raid on romero  s cave  in fact  cotten doing somersaults and fending off men in rubber suits  via flames and laser emitted from his glove   must surely count as the nadir of his acting career the other elder in the cast  romero  is more in his element  after all  he had been the joker in the batman tv series and movie of the     s  cotten has a scantily  clad blonde physician on his team  and is assisted by a hulking asian romero  on the other hand  is flanked by an oriental femme fatale  who  however  ends up getting a raw deal for her efforts  the girl  s brain is eventually transplanted into a hybrid of lion and condorwhich is among the phoniest  looking creatures you ever saw   . apparently  a   disc set of this one from media blasters streets on this very day    
eyeliner was worn nearly     years ago in egypt . really not that much of a stretch for it to be around in the   th century . i also didn  t realize the series flopped . there is a second season airing now isn  t there  it is amazing to me when commentaries are made by those who are either ill  informed or don  t watch a show at all . it is a waste of space on the boards and of other  s time . the first show of the series was maybe a bit painful as the cast began to fall into place  but that is to be expected from any show . the remainder of the first season is excellent . i can hardly wait for the second season to begin in the united states .  
now don  t get me wrong  i do enjoy christmas movies . i love its a wonderful life and i really enjoy the versions of a christmas carol with george c . scott and alistair sim . but this particular movie is awful . i think the i love life song the ghost of christmas present sings is especially painful . albert finney sings fairly well in annie . i don  t know whats wrong with him in this movie but it sounds as though someone is trying to sing through a mouthful of dead gerbils . the only thing that saved this movie for us was shutting the sound off and watching the dance numbers accompanied by the south park christmas cd .  
i thought that for a first episode of a first series it did really well . it was really fun and i thought the actors was brilliant . i think it is a crime for anyone to say that is was bad because it looked the right time . i find it really annoying when people say that it wasn  t historically correct because it is supposed to be a saturday night entertainment show not a boring history documentary so i think the costumes and settings were just right . a brilliant start and i am going to love what will come next   i have spoken to many people at my school and they love the show  we all think that it is brilliant entertainment and it has great stories to go with it .  
i couldn  t not recommend a christmas movie more than this worthless piece of drivel  trust me  double negatives are required here   it  s that bad  . this film was in trouble from the opening credits when it was revealed that the screenwriter was the same person as the songwriter . the musical numbers are all far too long and none of them any good   thank you very much  has a decent melody  but the lyrics are stupid beyond words  . i would gladly bear the chains worn by scrooge in the film  s bizarre hell sequence than sit through this insult to movie musicals again .  br    br   the only entertaining part of this movie  completely unintentional by the way  involves alec guinness as jacob marley . dressed in a silly powder white costume  guinness foppishly prances through his scenes in what was either an attempt to make it appear as though he was floating like a ghost  or to show his utter disdain with having to be in this dreadful movie . albert finney  meanwhile  blends the best of alistar sim and charles laughton to create his hopelessly loathsome character of quasimodo  scrooge . finney  s scrooge is so hideous a person  it  s impossible to believe his transformation .  br    br   steer clear of this abomination of filmmaking at all costs .  
this is a perfect series for family viewing . we gather around the tv to watch this on bbc america . it is an up  to  date version of robin hood and it appeals to children and adults alike . our teenager and tween  ager both enjoy sitting with mom and dad and watching robin  s next exploits . we can  t wait for the next episode to air each week and are glad for the free  on demand  viewing .  br    br   the wardrobe has a spot of current fashion . there is a moral to each story . it is entertaining . the violence is not over  the  top or needless . the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic with a john william  s feel to it . it is an old world tale that is brought to life again with a new world flair .  br    br   there is so much garbage on television from brain rotting  reality  tv to senseless violence . you should take this for what it is and that is an updated  robin hood  not to be compared with the movie exploits of errol flynn . this is a gem to be enjoyed by all . parents that are concerned about their children watching too much violence will enjoy that robin has lost his taste for war and bloodshed . he is a robin hood that would rather attempt to reason his way out of a disagreement than fight . maid marian is also an appealing role model for young girls . rather than stand by and do nothing  she takes her own role in helping the poor by being the  night watchman .  the sheriff of nottingham is deliciously over the top wicked  just as the sheriff should be and looks like a cross between billy joel and tim curry . guy gisborne is played by an extremely handsome actor  one that makes most women wish he didn  t have portray the role of a bad  guy  .  br    br   the only question we have is  where is friar tuck    
this is the worst adaption of a classic story i have ever seen . they needlessly modernize it and some points are actually just sick .  br    br   the songs rarely move along the story . they seem to be thrown in at random . the flying scene with marley is pointless and ludicrous .  br    br   it  s not only one of the worst movies i  ve seen  but it is definitely the worst musical i  ve ever seen .  br    br   it  s probably only considered a classic because  a christmas carol  is such a classic story . just because the original story was a classic doesn  t mean that some cheap adaption is .  
i absolutely love this show  but i saw the second episode first . after watching the first episode i could see why people were turned off at first . the first episode  s humor is not the best  and they struggle to properly start the series . however  i still like the light and humorous attitude of the show . the characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters . as a first episode  it really doesn  t accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good . the episode is not bad by any means  but as the show progresses it becomes better and better  so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show .  
this wasn  t really a very good movie . there were lots of implausible and predictable things that happened during the course of the film . . . but i think that most of the reviewers are missing the point of why this movie should be enjoyed by a wide audience . this movie was produced by magic johnson  isn  t that enough to inspire us all to check out this film  a film produced by a former nba star doesn  t come along every day  you know . beautifully stupid kids in a big house getting slashed by an axe wielding psycho . every clich trotted out for us to groan over . teen sex . and it was all produced by magic johnson  i can  t say enough about this movie  teen drug use  college hijinx  and it was all produced by magic johnson  yippeeee   
sitting on the front porch of his burbank home  ted mapes told me that he and reed hadley wore the exact same size in every item of clothing except hat .  br    br   ted  one of the greatest of the stunt men  said that every time zorro put on his mask  he was the one on the screen .  br    br   that was a little bit of an exaggeration there were times that zorro was obviously reed hadley  but in the stunts we can be satisfied it was ted at work .  br    br   and what stunts   zorro  s fighting legion  is  as witness the comments here  one of the greatest of serials . it is exciting and generally very well made .  br    br   reed hadley was a fine actor  and  as someone else commented  he made a very good fop .  br    br   but  admittedly  it is the action that makes this movie so great .  br    br   and what else could we expect  with direction by that excellent team  witney and english  with great music from the amazingly prolific william lava  the listing here says he was uncredited  but that is incorrect those other composers listed here were indeed uncredited  and i don  t know if they did write any of the music   it sounds like lava   and with villainy from  among others  the great charles king  and with dozens of bit parts   br    br   also noteworthy was a villain played by the radio tarzan  jim pierce  who was edgar rice burroughs  son  in  law .  i urge you to read his mini  bio .   br    br   there is one chapter that slows things down depressingly  but  heck  it  s only a few minutes long  maybe    and when you wade through it  well  you  re back to the excitement .  br    br   turner classic movies deserves a great big thank you for presenting this excellent serial  and we should ask tcm to bring us more .  br    br   and we should thank everyone involved that we get to see it as a chapter  play  or serial  and not as a re  cut feature .  
i was attracted to seeing this movie because of this plot and my desire to watch a horror .  br    br   to my disappointment  this turned into more of a comedy than a horror . the acting  dialog  and flow of the movie was all very poorly done . much of it didn  t make sense . for example  there  s a party of about   people and they  re all terrified of one person despite them being at a secret location and are all healthy looking young adults and the guy threatening them sounds haggard . i kept thinking  maybe this was a parody of another movie like scary movie  but they were trying too hard to make it look gruesome  emphasis on try .  br    br   the blood and gore are also poorly done . i  ve seen halloween costumes look more believable than this . a guy with his head cut clean off . . . looked clean  missing signs bone  flesh  blood  and even the head . a strong downward strike with an ax on a corpse should lodge itself into something . . . seemed like the guy was swinging a bat instead of an ax .  br    br   revealing who the main villain was supposed to be a twist  but contradicted other parts in the story . what was going in the guy  s mind to turn out like that  if there was going to be a twist  you should at least build up to it adding mystery and suspense .  
there have been a lot of zorro films made over the decades  but it  s a shame that one of the best is probably one of the least seen .  br    br   zorro  s fighting legion is a bit different from other zorro films . first off  it  s a republic serial in   chapters . and this time  zorro is not played by a top studio star like douglas fairbanks  tyrone power or antonio banderas but instead by workman  like actor reed hadley . while hadley does not cast as strong a presence over the proceedings as those other  he does an adequate job  helped by the fact that he is not the sole hero here as the title implies  he has a fighting legion to call upon .  br    br   another big difference is that the setting isn  t california . the story here take place in central mexico in     where a man posing as a living god incites the indigenous indian population and a band of outlaws to aid him in his plan to overthrow the newly established mexican republic . something  zorro  and a handful of followers plan to do anything they can to stop .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  there is at least one incredibly cheesy moment per episode  from corny  twang  bow sound effects to ludicrous acting . but overall  this represents one of the best republic serials of all time  and probably the best zorro one .  br    br   the plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering .  and there  s lots of great action  fans of the indiana jones movies will notice many bits borrowed from this serial .  
i  m sorry to all the fans  but this is a useless movie . the acting is bad  even wooden  it over  hypes the fright  factor early on  and doesn  t exactly work . i think there was supposed to be a twist at the end  but it just ended up being maddeningly confusing . what the hell  the dude who was killing everyone was one of the hunted  try again .  br    br   its hardly original  and it isn  t even particularly good as a straight slasher . and that  s saying something .  br    br   i think whoever did the castings  whoever wrote the script  and whoever thought of the concept should be mercilessly fired and deported .  br    br   don  t watch this movie . if someone puts this on at a party  throw the disc out the window and put on a good horror movie  like silence of the lambs or the shining .  
serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction . known as  chapter plays   they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called  chapters  or  episodes .  each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week . the serial would end with a cliffhanger  as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape .  br    br   the audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again . serials were especially popular with children  and for many children in the first half of the   th century  a typical saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial  along with animated cartoons  newsreels  and two feature films .  br    br   the golden age for serials was          . this was one of the best of the era .  br    br   zorro has been seen in many films  but reed hadley   racket squad   the undying brain  was excellent in the role .  br    br   the action is constant  and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer .  br    br   zorro triumphs  as he always does .  
here we go with other slasher movie  good looking people and acting from everyone was really good   br    br   few kids playing pranks phones calls and there parents are killed by the killer in front of the kids    years after they are still friends  they go to huge house  have fun  drugs and sex  no nudity  for least half a hour of the movie  again they start making pranks phone call all over again  and then killer comes back kills them off one by one and killer is in big black coat with axe just like urban legend movie   br    br   deaths scene really weird  really odd times too .  br    br   nice slasher movie at this part would gave     but the twist at the end of the movie made the whole movie kinda of pointless  br    br   the twist killed the movie for me so i going to give it      
along with  king of the rocket men   this was still being repeated on bbc tv in the early to mid eighties . if i was loading up a time capsule of this period both these series would definitely go in .  br    br   someone watching it for the first time will think it is silly but this is one of the best examples of the  serials  . don del oro will make you laugh  when i was little my nickname for him was mr dustbin head  and it was funny upon being shot at he says  your bullets can  t harm me  then he stumbles back  seemingly less than happy . i also like the way he dispenses with sebastian in the first episode .  br    br   i watched this again because i had good memories of it from years back  there are some good stunts and good music  it has the ingredients you expect including water  rockfalls  runaway carts . . . apart from the first episode  with ralph faulkner  the swordplay wasn  t nearly as good as i remembered it  and yes it features the inevitable  flashback  episode  it gets  out of   because it still suffers from slow pace  padding and the other tricks . if you are interested in these serials i recommend the book by william witney   in a door  into a fight  out a door  into a chase  although there is only a small entry about this series in it .  
when i caught a glimpse of the title i thought are we going to get another try  hard hip slasher  but actually i found   eventy  ive  to be a mildly passable  and almost   s throwback after a tediously slow mid  section it picks up momentum for the final half  hour leading to it  s outrageously tacky climax and downright cop out ending . it won  t win awards for originality  because it  s as systematic as you can get and steals its thunder in the way of thrills  usual cheap jump scares   location  secluded mansion  and motivation from other films . the gleaming direction is by  the  book and the material is quite hackneyed with poorly realised red herrings within its elaborate plotting and flimsy script . sometimes laughable  but nonetheless i was entertained mainly due to its brutal and grisly acts of pulpy violence towards some rather obnoxiously annoying college students by a psychotic killer with a battle axe . the performances weren  t bad in the shape of a spunky young cast  however the characters they were portraying weren  t particularly enticing . an always presentable rutger hauer shows up in a short supportive role as a grizzled detective . a slickly made  but a shallow and forgettable addition to the fold .  
my very favorite character in films  but in nearly all of them the character of zorro has a small bit of cloth as a mask and if the villains cant tell who is under that cloth then they are daft .  br    br   but in reed hadleys  zorros fighting legion   serial      the mask fills his whole face making it a real mystery as to who zorro really is .  br    br   but anyway zorro is one of the best characters in films and to bring it up to date l think anthony hopkins in  the mask of zorro        is a delight .  br    br   my interest in films is vast  but l have a real liking for the serials of the   s    s . . . .  br    br   bond  a  
what an utter disappointment  the score of    here on imdb built up some mild expectations but  oh my  was i disappointed . the first thing that bugs me are those braindead  stereotyped university kids . yes  i know teens can be childish and so on  but why are they in movies always portrayed as complete braindead morons  there was one character that i thought was alright  but he  she  not revealing it here  was killed off way before the end . the other characters was poorly executed and even the supposed hero  heroine just didn  t do it for me . on the plus side the plot is pretty good and the productions values a cut above for these kind of flicks . the acting was generally not very good  rutger hauer stands out in a small role . but it all fails with bland and braindead characters . you just stop caring about them after   minutes .      and thats being generous  .  
rock  n  roll high school was one of the best movies ever made  i think the only reason it was so awesome was because of the ramones  you couldn  t have made the same movie and put something like the sex pistols  or the clash in place of the ramones  it just wouldn  t have been the same . dey young  clint howard  vincent van patten  mary woronov  paul bartel  and the hall monters  just added to the movie . the whole entire movie is about the ramones . . . especially joey  so everybody showed see rock  n  roll high school if your a huge fan of real punk . not the sissy new crap . . . but the loud  and fast kind . the kind only the ramones could do . r . i . p  rest in peace  joey ramone          . dee dee ramone            
the main reason people still care about  carlton  browne of the f . o .  is that it features peter sellers in a second  billed role . but watching this film to see peter sellers is a mistake .  br    br   sellers plays amphibulos  a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the dirt  poor island nation of gaillardia  formerly a british colony  now hosting a lot of russian diggers during the height of the cold war . amphibulos wants to play both u . k . and soviet interests against each other for easy profit   everything very friendly and all our cards under the table  . terry  thomas is the title character  a lazy british diplomat anxious to show gaillardia that great britain hasn  t forgotten them  all appearances to the contrary .  br    br   a positive review here says  the reason this movie is considered average is because the comedy is understated .  i would argue that the reason  carlton  browne  is considered below average is because the comedy is non  existent .  br    br   after a decent opening that establishes the film  s only two strengths  a sympathetically doltish terry  thomas and john addison  s full  on larky score  things quickly slow down into a series of slow burns and lame miscommunication jokes . the low opinion
